Mental Health Awareness Month: I have schizoaffective bipolar type and I just graduated with my BA in English (Magna Cum Laude) at age 28 after dropping out of high school and having intermittently relapsed into psychosis for a duration of 8 hospitalizations. With loving support success is possible
Not to brag, but instead of laying in bed ALL day, I laid in bed for MOST of the day, then got up and took a shower. Next up, I conquer the world.
Thank you to the woman who rang me out at Target. You saved my life 😭❤️
PREACH
It’s been 2 months to the day since I last self harmed. I just want someone to be proud of me.
I made a suicide scale. Hoping it could help others.
To the man who saved my life and never knew
i’m 365 days clean from selfharm baby
Anyone else procrastinate going to sleep because they don’t want the next day to come, but then also get anxious about how many hours they have left before they need to get up?
I didnt kill myself!
Want an emotional support animal but can't have one? Get a stuffed animal.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
There is an Arabic saying and it goes like this:
To the person who deleted their post few minutes ago.
My wife has passed suddenly
My doctor asked “Do you even want to get better?” in response to me saying I’m not in therapy because I can’t afford it
I survived a school shooting, but now I can’t do anything
Does anyone else have random thoughts pop in your head about something you did years ago and get a sudden wave of guilt and feel like shit for hours?
3 weeks clean. I've painted every time I had a major craving. I'm up to 95 canvases. So an average of 4.5 a day.
Does anyone else feel super motivated and ambitious late at night or around bedtime, and then waking up with absolutely none of those feelings?
Today I'm glad I didn't kill myself yesterday.
I got out of bed today :)
Me irl
My Dad shot himself today..
I was inches from committing suicide 6 months ago, today I signed a lease for the nicest apartments in my city. Hang in there.
Anyone else feeling very behind everyone their age. Like they're accomplishing all these things and I'm just here.
To anyone suicidal tonight, look up the Rappper NF. All he raps about is how to face mental health. He's saved my life many times.
People who welcome you back with open arms after ghosting them during a severe depressive episode are like gold
i’m one month clean of self harm :’)
Depression does NOT mean feeling sad. Depression is a medical term for functioning below necessary levels
I'm SO Proud Of Myself
I don't have a lot of people in my life right now, but i wanted to share this: I chose life this morning. I chose my raggedy, rundown broken life. I chose me. And I think I chose well.
1 YEAR TODAY WITH NO ATTEMPT SUICIDE AND A MAJOR EPISODE
TODAY I AM 5 YEARS SELF HARM FREE
Just because you’re struggling doesn’t mean you’re failing. Big shout out to all in the community who made it through another day. You’re all amazing. You got this.
You are not lazy, losing interest in a loved activity could be a warning sign
I want to be hugged. I just want to be hugged.
Does anyone else feel like they "can't handle" everyday life as well as everyone else?
I think that “13 reasons why” is a very bad way of “spreading awareness”
Does anyone ever feel like secretly moving away changing your name and ghosting everyone you know?
I know it sounds cliché, but it’s crazy how much a walk outside can clear your head and get you back to at least a neutral state, if not a positive one.
Anyone else stay up late to avoid tomorrow?
I brushed my teeth and washed my face properly for the first time in a while
My boyfriend undressed me without asking. It’s not what you think though.
Today marks 3 months safe from self-harm. ♥️
It's okay if all you did today was survive
Please brush your teeth, even if it's hard
Just had my cousin's memorial on Zoom, and it was atrocious.
Read this, you need to hear it whoever you are. This is a sign.
The more I educate myself in psychology the more I believe that there isn’t such a thing as laziness
After 9 years of homelessness I have a roof over my head and feel good.
I ate today!
PLEASE READ THIS. DONT SKIP OVER IT.
Is it just me or did everyone's mental health has gotten severely worse since the quarantine?
I'm no longer suicidal !
Does anyone else feel like they have so much potential if it weren’t for their mental illness?
My mom broke up with me for Donald Trump
1 week free from selfharm!
don’t you just love how mental disorders are basically buy one get seven free
27 days cut free and I trusted myself long enough to shave my legs. I am smoooooooooth. And no nicks!
Does anyone else feel okay but then one thing just shatters you’re vibe and you go numb.
I need to tell someone that I've been clean for almost a year and I'm so proud but its also the only thing keeping me going
My cat stopped me from committing suicide.
Anyone else get these short waves of getting all pumped up to do more stuff in life? But then 10 min later remember that basically life is pointless.
I made it 24 hours without cutting myself or drinking
“Depression is being colourblind and constantly told how colourful the world is.” - Atticus
Live, Laugh, and Love
Does your depression ever make you feel that you're not depressed enough to have depression?
Anyone else feel they have lost so much of their life to mental illness?
Yesterday, I did 4 college assignments. Today, I did 5.
After putting off my driver’s license for four years due to my depression... I passed my test today!!!!!! 🥳
Does anyone else get surprised when someone likes you as a person?
Personal hygiene is exhausting with depression. Who can relate?
I did it.
My Rapist is finally going to prison!
My cat saved my life today
I finally managed to clean up my room after I've been struggling with my life for the past few months. It got pretty bad and I somehow gained the energy to do it. I'm very proud of myself :)
just left r/SuicideWatch :)
This is what suicidal looks like
I’m Not a Loser for Choosing Medication
Y’all I am ONE MONTH SELF HARM FREEEEEE!
Does anyone else get angry about how much effort you have to put in to stay stable?
“Your trauma made you stronger”
Celebrating 6 months since I stopped cutting 🥳
Does anyone else feels like their mental illness make them stupid/forgetful?
Do you ever feel like the more you learn the more depressing the world is?
Hey... so... is anyone else too afraid to leave the house because they don’t want to be seen by other humans and they just want to be invisible?
I am looking for someone who helped me years back with my eating disorder. If it's you please let me know.
i finally showered and brushed my teeth after a depressive episode
I self harmed since i was about 9.i haven't done it in 2 years now and don't have the urge to. Yay
A friend sent me this poem yesterday, I didn't realize how badly I needed to hear this.
If you text “Home” to 741741 when feeling sad, anxious, or are in emotional crisis, a crisis worker will text you back immediately and continue to text with you.
If you’re needing a sign, this is it. Please don’t give up. You are worth it.
I’ve had a shower everyday for a week!
I went outside for the first time in 2 years I just wanted someone to share my achievement with!
Hey, sorry for interrupting your scrolling. Just wanted to check in, are you okay?
Does anyone else feel inadequate when compared to others who are their same age?
Why is it that every time I have a little inconvenience in my life, my first thought is 'i should kill myself'?
It really annoys me when people mock your mental illness in private. Then pretend to be an advocate in public.
I considered killing myself this weekend. I'm glad I didn't.
I DIDNT HAVE A PANIC ATTACK TODAY!!
i’ve been clean from self harm for one year!!
I've gone a whole calendar month without any suicidal thoughts
Dont forget to take your meds
Adopted a cat during quarantine and it is unbelievable how our bond together has helped ease the pains of isolation.
I brushed my teeth two days in a row
I just want someone to be proud of me
“Mental illness is like fighting a war where the enemy’s strategy is to convince you that the war isn’t happening.”
Anyone been depressed for so long ur not even suicidal or anything anymore ur kinda just vibing lmao
i got downvoted for saying i’m finally happy with my body.
Is anyone else deeply depressed and barely hanging on?
Turns out I can’t hear people’s thoughts…I’m just schizophrenic. A public apology
As of today I have been officially clean from self harm for a whole year.
I've noticed the people who say "don't have a negative mindset and you'll be happy" have been very quiet lately.
To everyone doing school/work/daily things with depression (or other mental illnesses that makes it hard) you are fucking kicking ass and you are so strong
It's been 100 days since I last self-harmed.
unpopular opinion - mental health should be talked about, not normalized.
After 4 years, 7 months and now 3 days, I am anorexic free!
I showered every day this week
CW: Suicide. I almost took my life. Twice. Therapy saved me. But my therapist didn’t. Here’s what I mean.
6 months ago I posted on this subreddit begging for help with suicidal ideation and for help with writing a suicide note to my parents. Today I moved into my university flat and I am ten times better!
Things that I didn't realize were anxiety
I finally showered.
RIP Chadwick Boseman
I don’t want to kill myself, but I wouldn’t be upset if I was run over by a bus. That’s the stage of depression I’m in.
Don’t overthink too much. You’re hurting yourself. Relax and rest.
Does anyone else just desperately want someone to talk too but also hate the thought of interacting with someone?
I had 3 meals for the first time in about 7 months
Maybe I’ll dress up as a deer for Halloween so someone can hit me with their car.
Read this, please
Good job
So my therapist messaged me on Grinder 🤪
Aspergers Syndrome in a nutshell:
There should be a psychiatrist instead of a school councillors to talk to students about their mental health.
100 days self harm free today!
My life
Does anyone else stay up at night just because they don't want to 'wake up' the next day?
Saw a scar on my Arm from a serious suicide side attempt years ago and counted some "firsts" I would have missed out on, made me smile.
I drank half a bottle of water, took a shower, and cleaned my room :)
Yesterday I became 7 years clean from Self Harm! I’m so proud
We need mental health education to become a staple in our societies
Today Marks 1 year since I've cut!! IM PROUD OF ME
Are you also tired of pretending to be happy for other people's sake bcs they can't handle your sadness and you might just burden them with whatever you're feeling?
Suicide hotlines are useless for people struggling with mental illness
People should get mental health checkups
I’m an agoraphobe who has hardly left the house in 3 years. This week, I’m going to the movies BY MYSELF! This will be a huge accomplishment if I can do it! Anyone else been there? Tips?
I asked for help instead of cutting myself
I showered today!
hey you
Well, this is appropriate here.
I did it! I got a job!
I wish family members would STOP saying "Everyone has anxiety, you need to learn to control it." They know I have two anxiety disorders. I tell them countless times to stop. This is why I am MOVING SEVERAL PROVINCES AWAY. They do not respect my boundaries. I can't wait until I move in December.
My psychologist told me to kill myself
Hello everyone I'm glad to inform you that I'm becoming less depressed and I'll be happy again.
I made my therapist cry today
Bernie Sanders is the only Democrat fighting for universal mental health care
Do you ever feel too depressed to do anything fun but then you get even more depressed when you realize you're not doing anything fun?
As a rape survivor, I want to let you know that things will get better! Maybe not now, maybe not immediately but they eventually will! Don’t give up!
You won reddit
I got dressed and brushed my hair today!
YAY
I have a million reasons to die, but I have ONE reason to live. ONE friend who cares about me. AND I'M GOING TO FUCKING LIVE FOR HIM
Take care of your teeth...
If no one is proud of you, I am. and you should be too :)
I didn’t realize how long I’d gone without laughing until something made me genuinely laugh
To all those people who are lonely like me and have none to talk with: I love you
Anyone else feel totally fine and fully functional for months, only to suddenly fall into a month long depressive/anxiety episode for no clear reason?
Tik Tok psychologists are the absolute worst
First time in 6 years that I am not depressed on my birthday
My therapist told me something today that helped me a bit
Is anyone else depressed about working for the rest of our lives
I Am Thoroughly Disgusted By The Portrayal of Mental Health in 13 Reasons Why Season 4, And Disturbed By the Amount of People Defending It.
I'm proud of all of you for being here today. For choosing life.
I regret having a baby :(
I (m22) got yelled for openly crying on the beach.
You're not everyone's cup of tea
Has anyone else ever suddenly gone from productive / high-achiever to completely frozen and unable to do anything?
Broke down during my night shift in the ER tonight
Its not much but after 15 years of self harming, it has been one year to the day since I last had an incident. Longest Ive ever gone.
Did anyone else always get called mature when they were young, and then develop anxiety or add or depression or ocd?
This checklist has helped me through some tough times, so I thought I'd pass it on.
Whatever happens, don't let "theepicking777" bully you into misery
Me with work.
I’m two weeks free from self harm!
I haven’t touched a cigarette in 2 weeks
My father died
Imagine the privilege that comes with being mentally stable
instead of being put into a mental health ward and restrained for being suicidal, people who are at risk of suicide should be allowed to go to a place where they can eat free ice cream while talking to social workers
Does anybody else with depression struggle with bad emotional lows right after a really good event with someone you really care about comes to an end?
Does anyone else have this running "I hate myself" voice in their head that spontaneously replays over and over?
LPT: If you know someone who startles easily, don't laugh at them when they jump, and DO NOT start startling them on purpose. It could be a trauma response.
True
I’m not sure where to put this, but I wanted to say something because I’m proud of myself.
Does anybody else feel like they don't belong anywhere?
I feel bad for my cat because we don’t have a routine anymore.
Ever stay asleep because dreams are more attractive than reality?
I'm sorry to those who had to say 'I'm just tired' when someone asked if you're okay.
I know most people won’t care but...
im 2 days clean from self harm !
I love you
Emotion Color Wheel. My therapist gave me this as a visual aid; it helps me to figure out what I'm feeling in the midst of panic attacks. I hope it helps you as well.
731 days self-harm free
Today is my birthday and I feel so lonely.
My little sister slid a note under my door telling me she loved me.
2 nights ago I lost my best friend, my father, to his mental health issues. I just pray he is finally at peace. Please always reach out to your loved ones who struggle with depression and remind them that they are never alone. Love you forever daddy.
After several years of therapy I no longer hate myself. I now hate everyone else though 🤨
I love you.
i completely shut down and suddenly "ghost" other people when i get hit by depressive episodes
I GOT 9 HOURS OF SLEEP LAST NIGHT
I finally shaved my beard after a year! And I sent 9 job applications in a roll! This all happened in one day!
Just because some people don't make a scene of their mental disorders, doesn't mean they aren't struggling
I told my whole family I was raped by my dad my whole life...
This sub is toxic…
People who are battling mental ilness on their own because mental health is still taboo in your country or because you don't have the money to afford treatment, raise your hand!✋
I learned an important lesson from my therapist about healing.
I made a big breakfast after months of not washing, barely eating, just not taking care of myself. It’s been ages. I’m proud. :D
I’m a cancer patient. I’m done with chemo. My recent lumpectomy went amazing. My surgeon considers me cancer-free. My hair is growing back and I don’t hate it. I’m about halfway through radiation. I got the COVID vaccine. I’m working again. I start college in the fall. But why am I still so sad?
Anyone else think Instagram is so toxic for mental health?
I [14F] Survived A School Shooting and Now I Feel Numb
Is depression actually just a heightened awareness of the pointlessness of life?
You don't need to have a crazy story to be valid
Would someone take the time to wish me a happy birthday? I don't have anyone and don't want to feel so alone today.
Does anyone else get a high from being with friends or family, and then afterwards crash into depression?
You can sound confident & have anxiety. You can look healthy but feel like shit. You can look happy & be miserable inside. You can be good looking & feel ugly. So be kind, because every person is fighting a battle you know nothing about
Does anyone grieve the potential they had but lost to mental illness?
We need to stop calling suicide an “impulsive decision”
150 Days today without self harming!
I recently read this and I think it might help someone else too: “Always do your best” doesn’t mean “work until you collapse”. If you push yourself past your best abilities you will do worse. Doing your best means knowing your limits and working within them.
I don't want quarantine to end
My reason for getting out of bed every morning...
Happy birthday little brother.
No one ever talks about how tiring it is to have mental illness.
61 days self harm free, and fifteen days off lexapro. It does get better people :)
Help me raise awareness for Men’s Mental Health!
I JUST FUCKING DID MY PROJECT IN FRONT OF THE ENTIRE CLASS WITHOUT ANY FEAR FOR ONCE OH MY GOD
im not sure if im supposed to post this here but tomorrow marks 6 months clean!
21 yr old M here just to say that yes boys can have eating disorders too
Does anyone else feel like they're simply existing & not living?
I used to desire sex and kisses, but at this point, all I want is to be comforted when I'm sad.
Stop telling those with mental health problems what they're doing wrong without telling them what the right action is.
I ate in a restaurant by myself!
It’s nights like tonight.. I wanted to cut so bad and instead I just wrote I love myself.
I love you
I folded my laundry!
I am officially one year clean of self harm
I DID IT
💖💖 I love you 💖💖
I am Racist and I need help.
I work every single night, until 6 in the morning. If you are reading this, and are at risk, please message me. I will be awake, and will be here to talk to you.
4 years clean of self harm
Stop blaming your shit parenting on my phone.
I'm so happy I didn't commit suicide last May.
I don't know if this is the right place to post this, but I just want to tell SOMEONE
I JUST STARTED DATING MY CRUSH
Did anyone elses parents mistake depression for maturity as a child?
do you ever get into a bad headspace and then suddenly can’t quite imagine any times in the past when you were happy?
I just got my first paycheck at my first job ever.
Stop telling boys that they shouldn't cry.
I brushed, flossed, used mouthwash, got lunch with my mom AND played video games!
He took a snack from me!!
I woke up so fucking happy
I finally took a shower and brushed my teeth !
Two weeks ago I was almost homeless. Now I got a job and a place to stay and my mental health seems to be improving a lot
Sending out hugs for anyone who needs one
I finally brushed my teeth!!
Just because it is (sadly) normal for ppl to experience suicidal thoughts especially at the moment, suicidal thoughts themselves are not normal PLZ STOP NORMALIZING SUICIDAL THOUGHTS
It’s been 18 months since I’ve self harmed!
I took a shower for the first time in a month or so.
I planned to kill myself today but I didn’t.
it's okay if today didn't go as planned
Saw this whilst taking a comfort stop
Please don't mix alcohol with antidepressants!
Cleaned my room, worked out and took a cold shower. We're getting there 💪😊 Mental health improving 💕💖
Does anyone else just feel like crying whenever you hear stories of people getting mental health support from their parents because you just know you won’t ever have the same?
does anyone feel more sane / less mentally ill when they’re obsessed with a tv show or something?
Has anyone been told they were overly passive but when you finally spoke out/stood up for yourself were told (in one way or another) that you were "crazy," "out of control," and should "get help"?
We should make mental health checkups a thing
Revived a Baby, Feel Really Raw
Took a shower yesterday after 2 months.
I failed my 2nd year of uni and I just need someone to tell me it's okay
If your behaviour has ever been called 'attention seeking'... remember these words.
Does anyone else with depression (or really any illness or just in general) not even have the motivation to watch shows?
2 months self harm free!
I asked Dan Harmon for advice on dealing with depression, and he was kind enough to deliver
my abuser is blowing up on tiktok
A seagull ate my hotdog, and I realised how much I want to be alive.
An entire room erupted in laughter at the mention of mental health
AHHHH I DID IT
I just want to go home sometimes
Anyone else feel like NYE is depressing them more than anything?
After a year of depression I cleaned my room
COVID-19 Is a bitch. If anyone during this time is having a hard time coping, anxious, suicidal, just bored or depressed. Please vent to me and I will do my best to help you and your feelings/thoughts!
I hate when people say suicide is selfish
Anyone else’s anxiety going crazy with all that’s going on in the world?
i just cried because i couldn't put an ikea bed together
a woman waved at me and smiled at walmart and it made me happy :)
6 months self-harm free!
If approximately half of the population will experience a mental illness in their lifetime, doesn’t that mean there’s something messed up about the world we live in?
I finally quit
To the barista at Starbucks-
For anyone else alone on Christmas, remember it’s just another day, and it will pass.
It’s been 10 years since my suicide attempt and I’m so glad I didn’t succeed!!
I’m 1,000 days clean from self harm today
Mental health problems are not beautiful or trendy and I am so done with the media glamorizing it.
I Got Out of Bed and Ate Today
Can you be a "highly functioning" chronically depressed person?
I could really use a hug right now
I haven’t cut all year!
I hate how most suicide prevention messages focus on family
people that don’t have anxiety don’t truly understand
I just had my very first business related phone call today (for graphic design) and I’m so proud of myself! Talking on the phone is always hard for me and I did it!! 😌😌😌😌😌
I ate my first full meal in months
Does anyone else hate the "If I can do it, you can do it" mentality
Calling Suicide Selfish
Does anyone else get a weird feeling when thinking about how you are who you are and this is ‘your’ life, ‘your’ etc... Kind of like realizing that you exist?
I know Im a stranger but if anyone out there is feeling alone, depressed, scared, etc. And just needs a human to connect with, youre welcome to message me. We’re all in this together.
watched the joker last night
My depression is really kicking my arse, partly because we're in another Covid19 Lockdown. The only thing giving me any comfort is my cat (I'm single and live alone). Anyone else living for their pets right now?
Pretty Ugly
I’m watching my sister die and I don’t know how to help her
I watch my online lecture and ate 3 meals today 😁
I managed to shower for the first time in 3 days today.
I wish there were mental illness recovery homes where individuals with the same diagnosis can live and recover together.
I finally have a friend.
I’ve fucking done it.
How I became a happier and kinder person, and accidently started liking myself a lot more
I feel like my “trauma” isn’t valid because it’s not as bad as a lot of other people’s.
Repeat After Me
F*** COVID-19! [NSFW Language]
My suicidal thoughts and depression.
Movies make personality disorders look quirky and fun. But I'm miserable not knowing who I'm going to be tomorrow.
Has anyone else lost "friends" that made it seem like your mental illness was a bigger inconvenience for them than it was for you?
Sometimes I just want to drive off of the road and wreck my car so people will come to my bedside and tell me they're happy im alive.
“How’s is your everyday?”
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shares about dealing with depression: "Make sure you're talking to good people about it. No shame in getting help and wanting to be better."
Does anyone else just have that feeling that they want to go home, when they’re already home?
Recovering from depression really feels like I’m trying to stay “sober”
Just spent 15 minutes being berated by a doctor for being on antidepressants, because "they're not good for your brain"
If you are suffering from depression or suicidal thoughts, this the wisdom I’ve gathered since my suicide attempt a decade ago.
Did your parent ever say “stop crying before i give you something to cry about”?
I like to think, whenever you "pour one out" for a friend or family member who has passed, in whatever afterlife you picture them in, a cup appears in front of them and they get to drink whatever you poured out for them.
New job! Still homeless but I got a new job! Mental health is on the uptick!
I dont want to kill myself but I don't want to be alive either. It feels like I'm being forced to suffer and the only things that make me happy are just distractions from getting better.
I did it
I hate how people are expected to wait weeks, possibly MONTHS for mental health appointments.
I showered today.
I just had sex for the first time since I was raped
To everyone who's birthday was ignored this year:
I found a suicide note my bf wrote last night and I don’t know what to do
Tired of playing scenarios in my head that don’t even exist.
Mental health resources are a whole lot of bullshit. Deciding to reach out for help is supposed to be the hard part. Not getting it.
Sometimes we need to laugh at our struggles. I hope you all are feeling well today.
They all want to romanticise mental health issues until they have to deal with the problems that come with it.
Watching all your friends moving on and doing stuff with there life while you're frozen in time and have no motivation to do anything at all>>>>>
Please stop posting your plans to kill yourself, it literally says in the description of this community to do it in r/suicidewatch
I think my life is finally looking up. Im excited for tomorrow for the first time in forever.
57 days sober!
I got connected to the same suicide hotline operator twice
Managed to get out of bed, get dressed, brush my teeth, have a coffee and take my meds. F you depression
To those whose mothers' love wasn't unconditional
I called a suicide hotline recently and was dismissed because I’m a man and I have Tourette’s. 💦🦄😖
As i slowly understand my current mental state ive also realized that explaining or asking for help to the wrong people can be extremely dangerous.
Anyone else hate telling anyone how you feel because you feel like a burden
If anybody wants to play some video games and vent. I can play/talk with you.
I hate being told to "relax" while having a panic attack
I got an apology from my old psychiatrist
Why isn’t there a such thing as an urgent care designed specifically for mental health emergencies?
Does anyone else have difficulty holding down jobs because of your illness?
The life you are living is for you. Do it for yourself. It isn’t for anybody else. Live for you, honour you & love you. Never lose eye on that
Does anyone else get heavy criticism while have anxiety attacks? "You're overreacting" "fine, just have it your way then if you're going to make it such a problem" " you're ruining this by blowing it out of proportion" "you're not thinking right, so I'll make decisions for you" or is it just me?
Sick of this double standard.
I made a website for men's mental health.
I went to a protest and rocked this sign!
I want bad things to happen to me just so I can get out of doing things and take a break.
How do I stop creating fake scenarios in my head that upset me?
Dear whoever...
Instead of saying "I'm damaged, I'm broken," say "I'm healing, I'm recovering myself, I'm starting over."
I cleaned my “depression room”
All trauma is trauma!
2nd day without self harm
Is anyone else starting to feel like life is way to expensive to even try to exist?
Why are mental hospitals so fucked up and why aren't we allowed to talk about it?
Shocked
Does anyone else want to get better, mentally and physically but just doesn’t have the motivation to do so. Like you know you can improve but you don’t know if you really want to
Virtual hugs to all of you :)
Whoever comes across this, you're doing fine. Just remember that there's a whole community of people who understand and we're here.
My mental health is the equivalent of a dodgy knee. I'm not going to win any marathons but that doesn't mean i can't do one (and finish it in my own time)
First post. I’ve struggled with depression for over 12 years and I rarely put actual emotion, and pain into my art. Last week I completed my first attempt at expressing how I feel waking up lately, struggling with my depression and suicidal thoughts. Here it is: “The Hand I Was Dealt”
I've been struggling with my mental health for years and I've finally been brave enough to make an appointment with a doctor.
6 months clean from self harm!
Maybe the last time I hugged my son.
Tonight we sat and cried together. I forgot I had the power to help people even when I’m sad. Words aren’t always necessary.
Last month I attempted suicide for the 4th time. Today I was promoted a week into my new job. It does get better.
For the first time in my life, I talked with a professional about this and was told that I was downright abused and it's like a weight has been lifted off - It wasn't my fault. I wasn't a troubled kid.
It’s been 69 days since I last self-harmed.
The power of walking
True
I don't wanna die, just don't want to keep living.
It's okay to be a male with mental health problems.
I finally got the balls to sign myself up for a therapist!
Does anyone else feel like they are fundamentally broken and never had a chance at being happy?
Leave a dot (.) If you need some nice words!
To all those suffering today: Have a safe and calm Xmas.
Psychiatrist told me that only girls cut themselves
My husband went into psychosis. I’m not ok
Self harm free for 10 years!
Finally cleaned my room and did laundry after 3 weeks
I'm sick of therapists using CBT where it isn't helpful
Isn’t this the truth!
If you have the power to make someone smile, do it. The world needs more of that.
The popular saying to “follow your heart/instincts/inner voice” is only helpful for those who have a proven track record of a healthy internal thought process. At 35 I’m learning that for me this is bad advice and I found that helpful to me to understand i interpret the world differently than most.
Does anyone else get uncomfortable when people do nice things for you because you hate yourself?
My friend died by suicide. Please listen to her wisdom & help me honor her.
Even if it doesn't go away, you can get better at dealing with it
Did any of you ever feel guilty about not doing any (school) work but felt so tired of it you couldn’t even think about getting started?
Abuse [trigger warning]
We had a protest in NYC called "I'M MENTALLY ILL, AND I DON'T KILL."
This is a battle I’m going to fight until the end. If I die, I’m going to die on my feet. My memory and appetite might be quickly declining, (as evidenced by neuropsychological tests). But I’m not going to die quietly.
Is it rude to tell people my dad died by suicide?
I've started talking to myself the way I talk to friends
Can we please let men open up without derailing?
Does anyone else feel like they just don't have an identity since you spend so much time coping with your illness?
Guilting people out of suicide by telling us to think of our families isn’t the answer!
Today I Got Up
I DID ALL MY HYGIENE STUFF TODAY
Self Care
I feel really unwell because how badly my country is being destroyed by russia
the other day i got a calendar notification on my phone. it said "die"
My depression is not an "aesthetic". It's not cute to be a "sad boy/sad girl".
Does anyone feel dramatic/like a giant burden after they start talking about their emotions?
Why are people like this allowed to be psychiatrists?
I've been sober for 125 days now!
I wanna go home, but I’m already home.
Thinking about starting a subbreddit and or a Facebook group called "MENtality". A place where men can freely talk about their problems, to reach out to each other and help each other.
Everyone who's feeling down today, FEEL HUGGED. Let's wallow in our pain together (･ω･)つ⊂(･ω･)
Just a reminder: Reddit can be bad for your mental health, too.
Went to ocean today , freezing cold but I needed to see the waves, the smell and the peaceful atmosphere
Do you ever feel like you're just so, so starved for human connection
My anorexia recovery
Ate without guilt for the first time!
Does anyone else feel like they sound overly dramatic/crazy when they open up and try to verbalize their feelings? Everyday thoughts that don't feel like a big deal, but sound like they are?
if you're reading this and you're having a bad time, I'm begging you to get help before it's too late
The saying that mental health disorders are “invisible illnesses” is the biggest joke I’ve ever heard.
I'm proud of myself
Does anyone else just want to sleep to escape reality
High schools need therapists and real resources for suicidal students, not just non-suicide contracts
Social media is horrible for mental health but it's the only way anybody talks to me
STOP. ROMANTICISING.MENTAL.ILLNESS
Everything is a fucking market
You don't need to "make the most" of this global pandemic
Dear mentally stable people: I’m not lazy!
It's okay to stay alive and stay healthy for the little things
Just want to give a shoutout to the person I love, who finally today, after 32 years, admitted that he needs to go to therapy
My boyfriend just killed himself
I stop replying to people for no reason
Do yoy guys feel like you don't deserve to be with your boyfriend/girlfriend because you feel like a messed up person and don't deserve happiness?
Anyone else just know they will eventually k*ll themselves.
Why people can't understand that sometimes there is no reason?
I Made FREE Mental Health Printables! (Planners, Self-Care Tips, etc.)
I tried so hard to love this country, but after all of the racism and indifference I’ve faced, I’m happy I can finally leave.
Best friend took her own life: the aftermath and everything else
You made it.
Online school is horrible
you ever push everyone you used to cherish out of your life because you overthink what that thing they said means when it really doesn't mean that and your anxiety creates false narratives of situations resulting in self destruction?
I nearly killed myself today but I’m still here
Does any one else get suspicious when life is going well and you’re happy?
Does anybody ever feel numb for a long time and one day you get a slight rush of happiness and it makes you very emotional?
Does anyone feel like you want to hide and be alone for a few days after social interactions?
Treating someone terribly and telling them to go to therapy is kinda like punching someone in the face and telling them to see a doctor
i brushed my teeth
I am not inspired by those that are perfect, but by those that are not perfect and do not pretend to be.
my friend just called me gross for struggling with hygiene
My first psychiatric appointment is today. Wish me luck!
one year clean from self-harming
If anyone needs to vent or need advice with mental health. I will be here to listen to you (no matter what age) and help you as best as I can to make your day a lot better today. I love and support you❣️🌸☀️
Saw a pretty face in the mirror today!
I think mental health is a great subreddit because people come to places like these with humility and honesty. This is one place we are all the same.
“Maybe I should suicide myself?”
40 days hurt free. My urges are still strong, but I'm doing ok.
A year ago I left my abusive relationship... A week ago I left my abusive job!
You are still here. You are the strongest version of yourself.
The Most Honest Words I’ve Ever Been Told
Was gonna end it today, now I'm not
I want to hug everyone that's hurting right now and tell them that we all will make it through.
It's been a decade since I tried to kill myself
Is your mental health declining?
I was reffered to as low iq guy by mental health staff
I am one day free of abusive relationships
I keep thinking “I’d rather die than deal with anything stressful” but I don’t want to actually die.
I Dealt with a Dental Emergency All by Myself
Someone commented saying “I hope your next attempt is successful you fat fuck”
Went to a sexual health therapist about my assault and left her with more than that ✌️😗
I’m almost 24 and feel like I’ve wasted my life overthinking, being anxious or depressed, having no direction in life, wanting to cut or commit suicide, being emotionally isolated from family, having no social life, feeling angry all the time, wasting money on a useless degree…
I called a helpline for the first time tonight
Does anyone ever get depressed because they feel average?
Just cause ur black dont mean u cant have mental illness
Just wanted to tell someone
3 years clean of self harm :) <3
Do others also have imaginary lives in their heads? Is it unhealthy?
I tried to commit suicide but my friends walked in the right time. Ready to make a change and open up
No Longer Having Suicidal Thoughts
I feel like a burden to my friends when I ask them to talk about my mental health
People LOVE to love mental illnesses when it’s the broken sadness hopeless depression type but won’t hesitate to send us to jail or get us assassinated for a single slip of the angry uncontrollable emotions type
Depression is not just sadness
RIP 💔
Today I realised that the negative voices and the constant doubts going round in my head, the bad feelings ect ect aren't me, they're an illness invading my mental space.
Changing the way you speak helps to change your perspective.
Is anyone else struggling to hang on right now?
If you were abused or felt unloved, unwanted, unheard or hated yourself as a child, please read this.
Who can relate?
Everyone cares so much about mental health until it comes to parts that aren't romanticized.
Threw out a self harm tool.
sitting on my bed with my blanket over my head and body while playing animal crossing has become my new way of coping
Tell someone who is freaking out to "take a deep breath" instead of "calm down"
My depression is lifting. I haven't felt this happy in 3 years.
Does anyone else overly explain themselves about almost anything and or say sorry WAY TOO MUCH?
My experience in a psych ward
I'm struggling with something and I'm not even sure what to call it, so please help
cleaned my room for the first time in years
can a kid have mental health issues?
My dad told me I’m getting ‘fatter’. I didn’t finished eating. Weighed myself (no weight movement). Went to the toilet and forced vomit. I just don’t want to eat anymore. They know I’m bulimic for almost a decade. Work from home is affecting my mental health and hearing those words made it worse.
Give yourself the same love and affection you give to other people and watch yourself blossom to something special
I wish that therapy wasn’t so outrageously expensive in the US.
Life gets a whole lot better when you stop waiting for other people to love you and start loving yourself
If you were given the chance of not have ever been born, would you say yes?
Did anyone feel worse after admitting you're not ok?
I feel bad that many posts in this group don't get many replies. lets try reply to two other posts for every post we put!
Was anyone else called a spoiled brat growing up (or anything close to that) but now realize it was a mixture of poor parenting and undiagnosed mental health issues?
Today you have done enough by being
Going from extremely horny to feeling numb to being sad to feeling nervous and anxious to being on the verge of crying and having a mental breakdown to feeling sad and being unmotivated to feeling extremely angry is completely exhausting
Stop over-emoting at funerals and stop burdening children with adult emotions.
Why does my (20m) mind immediately default to suicide when something bad happens to me?
Have anxiety -> go on meds -> no more anxiety -> go off meds -> have anxiety
A toddler said hi to me today and it made me feel human.
i went to school on time today
Anyone here indifferent to being alive but not suicidal?
Animals know
I fucking hate being told how “strong” I am because of my trauma
People in their 20s: Ever feel like running out of time?
The cost for inpatient mental health treatment is fucking shameful.
just found out someone whose mentally tortured me for years has been killed
I actually took care of myself today
I think I was/am an unintentionally toxic person and its torturing me
How many people are we going to lose to suicide due to this quarantine?
I have been really happy lately
I finally told my mom
I feel like no one cares if you're depressed, but the moment you say you want to kill yourself, they care
Parents kept my mental illness a secret from me for 3 years. I had early onset childhood Schizophrenia at age 12. How do you think parents should go about breaking the news to a young child?
To everyone struggling to go to school or work this morning,
Andy Richter’s response to “Depression is a choice.” Nailed it.
To anyone who needs to see this: you are not your past trauma.
I'm clean from self harm :)
I finally shaved!!!
Mental illnesses do not affect us in equal ways, but they all suck.
5 days blade free. I forced myself to use colours. Hopefully it will brighten your day, somewhat.
I don’t think people realise
You’re not a fucking manic pixie dream girl, and mania is not cute
I put blankets over my head when I'm sad and pretend I'm a turtle.
Does anyone else feel guilty for their struggles with mental health?
1 year clean!!
Is it normal to talk to yourself?
Mental health has no direct “cure” and a lot of the times I think we have to figure it out on our own. Society doesn’t necessarily understand our struggle and we have to try and show them why mental health care is important.
I know it's weird to celebrate but yesterday was the most "normal" day I've had in 3 years
Just about sums it up
Taking vitamin D pills cured my depression
I built a free mental health app after being stuck in my tiny studio in NYC
is anyone super obsessed with how they walk?
To the teenagers behind me at the store
Small accomplished but Showered and brushed my teeth for the first time in a week
It's been a month since I decided not to kill myself.
Why do older generation people think depression is something we make up and it's just a western concept?
This mirror constantly made me feel like shit. Olanzapine and effexor has ruined my skin and I've put on a decent amount of weight. I hate what was looking back at me. So I did the only thing I can do well. Painted the mirror. I hate it less now.
Let's love ourselves as well as each other. (x-post blackpeopletwitter)
HEY YOU, COME HERE
ur telling me that people are out here living life with no mental illnesses? damn must be nice!
Has anyone else been excluded their entire life
Anyone slowly realize they were very talented at something just to have mental illness destroy everything?
Today, I managed.
I witnessed my girlfriend try to hang herself today, and saved her. I don’t really know how to process this.
Half years ago, I begged myself to live for one month longer, Tomorrow, I am going to my first job interview. Guys, no matter how hard it is, we could all recover to a better self.
I’m strapped to an oxygen machine and having a panic attack. I haven’t slept in 2 weeks; please does someone have a hug to spare and tell me it’s going to be ok; is anyone there
I got out of the house and went to a coffee shop to work today, after over a year of WFH
Found my cat
Deleted my Instagram account.
Self-care is not participating when you don’t want to.
I’m scared of getting better
I am finally out of depression!
I haven’t self harmed in over a month, I almost did today, but I stopped myself.
How do I(22F) get over the trauma that a kid(9F) put me through?
My son had a panic attack on Friday. We talked about it
Some psychologists say "it doesn't matter if parents tried their best, what matters is that the child never felt that it was enough".
If your compassion doesn't include yourself, it's incomplete - be as kind and understanding to yourself as you would be to a friend who is suffering
Six months after my suicide attempt, I’m traveling alone and loving life.
I went on a run today!
I was 17 when the pandemic started. I’m now 20 but still feel 17.
Well, I finally did it. I told my mom I want to start therapy.
What do you think life is like for people who don’t struggle with mental illness at all?
We need to change the way we talk about anxiety and depression.
Has anyone else had depression and other mental illnesses for so much of your life that you feel like it's part of your identity and as much as you hate it you can't imagine yourself without it?
Friendly reminder: just because you feel fine on your meds, doesn't mean you'll feel the same without them.
Can i have a virtual hug pls?
I was approved!!
I’m starting to understand why people love life. Just after 1 week of lexapro.
Does anyone else feel "addicted" to their depression...?
[TW] I survived my suicide attempt on Thursday.
I unsubbed from every sub and YouTube channel I perceived as being based on negativity, including all political subs.
I feel so unproductive and cannot motivate myself to be productive
Spending Christmas alone in bed with beer and joints, feels amazing not having the pressures of my shitty family around. Fuck them if they're not a positive part of your life.
I really hate hearing "It gets better"
Being lonely in the 21st Century where we are living in a super-connected world is fricking hard, mentally taxing and it burns me out
Birthday today!
Reaching an age I didn’t think I’d reach
Allies in this
why does living feel like such a chore
Why is mental health help so unbelievably difficult to get?!
100 days alive today
suicide hotline hung up on me..
Only being able to be taken seriously when you're at your worst
The medical system in the United States is awful.
Why is mental health still stigmatized in 2020?
Do you ever feel like you’re easily forgotten or just unwanted?
u/administrativeRow2. Stop using these subreddits to promote and message people about your cbd.
whether you’re one day, one week, one month clean, good job. i love you.
What’s your reason for living?
4 months clean from cutting
You ever have that feeling that your friends secretly hate you?
depression can be fatal
I have never felt as safe as I do with my girlfriend and I am crying safe tears
Told my mom I was contemplating suicide (I’m better now) and she asked that I apologize for telling her that because it hurt her feelings.
I showered for the first time in 5 days
I don’t give a shit if someone is “faking” anxiety/depression.
Does anyone else with depression have impaired attention span?
I cry when people tell me I’m good enough
I deleted my social media
Does anybody else get that intense deep feeling of emptiness after watching some movies?
Keep going. You did not come this far, just to come this far
Does anyone else hate how people throw around the terms "narcissist" and "sociopath" on Reddit?
WOOOOO
my brain tries to convince me that everyone secretly hates me
I want to live
How come no one talks about how hard it is to find a good therapist?
U.S. Suicide Rates Are the Highest They've Been Since World War II
33 getting really depressed about how fast life is moving
Im putting my dog down today, I’ve never had to deal with a death in the family, this is my first time and feel so scared and sad
I CLEANED MY ROOM
I've been falling behind in school and after 7-8 hours of work I finally got 3 major projects done!
I am still alive
going up and down between not wanting to talk to anyone and wanting to talk to everyone
Had hours long panic attack and rough therapy session, came home to this.
2 days self harm free
You are right on time.
This sub is flooded with people asking for help with no one there to give it.
Does anyone ever miss their old self?
Ignoring Instagram for the sake of your Depression
I just want a test that tells me what’s wrong with me and how to fix it, is that too much to ask?
Mental illness isn’t a choice, we don’t wake up one day and say “Hey you know what?! I want to start hearing voices in my head. That sounds like a great idea! Let’s throw in some anxiety and a dash of depression while we’re at it!”
Boy hung him self at school
What do you stay alive for?
Anyone else feels like something changed after the pandemic?
How much do you believe that people's financial difficulties can affect their mental health?
If Simone Biles can take a mental health day, so can you.
I actually can't stand the saying "Happiness is a choice".
Why do people think I'd want to put in effort to fix my mental health?
Why am I listening to a bunch of bullies talking about how much they care about mental health?!
Baby steps with my deep depression
Coronavirus Anxiety Workbook (Free)
I’m in love with my fake boyfriend
Toxic relationships and friendships are worse for your mental health than you think they are at the time
I turned 24 only 5 minutes ago
My ex saw my scars and she kissed them
After more than 2 years working on a relationship with a person suffering with mental illness, I can say I've reached a place where we both feel deeply happy and in love
I need a hug
I wish there was a magical pill to just not have life suck
Why does venting to friends feels selfish and manipulative? Is it wrong?
One year ago I asked this subreddit “How do I find joy in life?”
One of my fish died last night :(
Does anyone else struggle with "feeling stupid" all the time?
33 m. I had sex with my therapist after two years of being treated for Borderline Personality Disorder.
I'm gonna lose my fucking mind over the elections [USA]
My mom told me I’m faking my anxiety and depression. “Nothings wrong with you, you’re lazy and use your depression as an excuse to not do shit.” And “what do you struggle with? You don’t have a life.”
Receiving help is not that easy. Why does society make it seem like when you reach out, you'll immediately get help?
I'm so in love.
I am a walking bundle of anxiety held together by social expectations
My mother told me to find somewhere else to kill myself.
I WENT TO THERAPY FOR THE FIRST TIME
I AM ALIVE
I had my first ever therapy session just now!!
Today I learned my support aid teacher in primary school told my parents “your daughter will never have a job, get a licence or get married” I was 10.
I tried to hang myself this morning.
No, mental illness is not like having a broken leg
Being told to see a therapist isn’t an insult.
Sounds horrible but sometimes I wish I could get an incurable illness that would kill me.
daily reminder to take your meds
Whenever I’m stressed/depressed/anxious all I can do is compulsively scroll on my phone
This isn't important but... 2 years ago today
I’m so sick of content creators
"We live in a machine that is designed to get us to neglect what is important about life"
Does anyone else feel like they're just... existing?
Does anyone else physically cringe and verbally abuse themselves when they think about the stupid things they've done? Or generally about themselves?
Do you ever feel like you’re faking it ?
Whoever is reading this, I hope you have a fine day!
My dog has no clue he saved my life
I cleaned my appartment and invited someone over!
What I did today for my mental health today.
Do you ever feel like life is too much for you &you'll die at a young age?
I miss it
I fucking hate society and people
I am one month clean from self harm!
"Your child, your rules" is single-handedly the most stupid saying I have ever heard
Driving around for hours listening to Nine Inch Nails and getting pulled over by the military police has been an oddly enlightening experience.
Please
You wouldn't emotionally abuse another person so why would you emotionally abuse yourself?
I think people who make jokes/say that people need to “man up” or “grow a pair” or “be a man” are part of the problem.
Do y’all mentally ill isolated people sometimes just want someone to hug you and give you a compliment?
Achieved 1000 karma, even though it doesn't really mean anything, it made a rough day a little easier.
I cried because a virtual pet told me it was grateful to have me.
Sending you all a virtual hug.
Anyone else lonely as F since the Covid came to town?
Self care few tips.
Just a reminder: you're winning as long as you are alive. You're rocking this.
Does anyone else feel like they downplay how bad they're feeling to therapists, doctors etc?
Virtual hug to everyone that's trying to heal from things they don't know how to talk about.
I need to tell you something
Is it just me or is mental health awareness really superficial. Everyone says they'd help if someone they knew was suffering... but
I’ve saved up $800!!
I am schizophrenic. I have the right to say no.
Religion used to mess with my mental health SO MUCH
I did something today that I haven't done since 2019
Building a game that's supposed to give depressed people coping tools
Why are cries for help always mistaken as attention seeking behavior?
It never ceases to amaze me how pets just KNOW when you are not okay.
Today I’m taking ownership of my life. I will not play the Victim. 🧑🏾‍💻
Today I actually took care of myself without telling myself "I'll do it later"
I brushed my teeth twice today! For the first time in [lots of] months.
I WENT ON A WALK ALL ALONE!!!
CONFESSION: Hearing successful people claim to have mental illness makes me insecure.
i deleted my social media accounts and i feel better now i promise to myself that i won't stalk my ex and focus on my school and for now everything is fine i'm better
People don't realise how lucky they are to have good mental health
Let’s all discuss toxic positivity
Social media (mostly tiktok) not only romanticizes, but also encourages self harm to young people.
Whenever I get closer with somebody I open up to then. Then I freak out and vulnerable because I feel like I told them too much and slowly start to avoid them. What do I do?
Everybody forgot my birthday
My Parents Punished me for Having PTSD
The fact that not everyone recovers from mental illness makes feel so bad
Do you ever feel like life slips away from you? everyone else is moving forward but you're stuck because of your own illness
Just got home from the Dentist. I have to lose all of my teeth.
My girlfriend struggles with anxiety and depression, and I want to know how to give support best I can.
Why do people say stuff like "don't date until you get your depression/anxiety/mental health sorted"?
I'm finally off my anti-depressants after 8 years. I'm now 31.
I ate and didn't purge for the first time in 2 weeks. So happy!
Words to live by ~ Anthony Hopkins
Posted on r/incels this is where I draw the fucking line. Just because you think you have it worse doesn’t mean other people have it better. Hating women to the extent that you belittle their struggles is fucked up
It was my birthday yesterday and now I realise how unimportant I am to everyone
Why do people hate quiet/shy people?
I wanted to say a massive “THANK YOU” for all the support you gave me when I lost my mind a few days ago. You immediately responded to my panicky post with great advice. I accidentally took twice my lithium dose and forgot everything. Your help calm me and my mum and got us through it
people only care about mental illnesses that are cute, quiet, and make it easy to pity you. do you agree?
For the first time in 20 years...
Alone on birthday.
I'm proud of myself
Am I the only one whose mental state seems to have improved from being isolated for this long?
My 13yo son’s school project about battling depression
Toxic people are a thing
i have insanely horrible Major Depressive Disorder & if you watched this video of me playing music terribly it would make me happy
Stop explaining yourself to people. It is okay to just say no. You are in control of your life.
is my dad slapping my ass sexual assault
Am I the only one who enjoys nothing and views life as an empty, pointless path towards death anyways?
A Letter To Those Wanting To Understand Their Loved Ones With Mental Illness
We are asking Congress to take action on the mental health crisis in America.
My 9-year-old is madly obsessed with me. Any advice?
I can't stop cringing about myself and it's hurting me
Small win
I did things today.
Is it just me or does life just feel like shit
If mental health actually was important in our culture, shouldn't there be more of a conversation (and regulation) on the barrage of advertisements we face every day that target and strengthen personal insecurities as a way to sell their products?
deleting TikTok for my mental health
Why am I so terrified of having a job?
Has anyone else noticed an increase in everyone's general anxiety in the last 3 decades?
Haven't showered in weeks
I just found out why I’ve been depressed
I'm surprised at how many mental health professionals don't know how to deal with mentally ill people
i brushed my teeth for the first time voluntary in 5 months
I love you.
Is this a red flag from a therapist? I came in for a specific kind of sexual abuse and she’s spouting positivity shit to me
Does anyone else get the feeling that no one cares what you have to say despite wanting to let it out?
Be kind
I danced for the first time in my life today :)
A <1 minute exercise to connect with your feelings. All you need is a mirror
I ate 2 full meals today
Making effort with people mentally drains me
I'm 26 and I just booked my very first dentist appointment. I'm so proud of myself yet midly terrified
The worst part about having a mental illness is people expect you to behave as if you don’t.
Just a quick reminder
Never feel guilty for being depressed
It's Friday and I'm so fucking happy for anyone who is struggling and made it to today.
Broke down in front of my manager
I am showered and content.
Just another rape story
Do you ever feel like you don't have the same thirst for life as others?
Does anyone else find it difficult to differentiate between personality traits and mental illness symptoms?
what positive mental health actions did you take today?
Today I was able to walk away from toxic friendship
My cat is the biggest reason why I am sticking around
Struggling? Read this please ❤
Getting a dog turned out to be the best thing for my mental health.
Who here is beating depression with no support network?
The only time I feel alive is when im having good dreams
I can’t take this Coronavirus shit anymore!
[Personal victory] For the first time ever, I was able to calm myself down after a panic attack, instead of going crazy in my own head
I Worry About This Sub
'Everybody loves Raymond' has saved my life.
Is it normal to create a "fake world" as a coping/daydreaming method
I managed to clean the apartment today.
BE CAREFUL OF THIS USER
Do you ever feel like you're waiting for something to happen?
This sub seems to do little more than be a place to vent
I let my social anxiety stop me from seeing my Dad for the last time
I just contacted the suicide hotline.
Dad tried to commit suicide while on the phone with me
It's my birthday today.
"You don't look like you have schizophrenia."
Instagram removed my picture of my manicure because I had visible scars
Does anyone else feel like they have no idea who they are?
I suffer from “taboo” mental illnesses.
Saw and helped a homeless guy get beaten to a bloody pulp and now I’m trying to process it
I signed up for therapy
Why the hell would they call the cops when you try to get help?
'Your mental health is taxing on others'
A close family member passed last year due to mental health and substance abuse issues. Today is his birthday. Please read this.
For people with depression, does anybody else feel like their depression is episodic?
Try you’re best to believe it- I’m still struggling to
When did mental illness become a trend and edgy
I was finally accurately diagnosed after 12 years thanks to the show 'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend'
You're doing great!
Guys would you date a girl who has mental health issues?
Anyone else unable to listen to some songs now because of trauma?
I lost it over my son's hair
My depression took my personality
After 2 years, 2 months and eight days, I'm finally off my antidepressants!!!
Ya
1 Month Clean Today
There’s something beautiful about this quote
Did my mom sexually assault me? Its not sexually motivated by it definitely felt violating.
I am furious with our mental health system!
Do you ever wonder how people seem to have energy to do literally anything but bare minimum?
Was I raped?
Crying is good :)
I’m tired of constantly living a life I don’t enjoy
Via /r/me_irl
I started turning off and locking my phone away every weekend, and it's liberating
ppl don’t talk enough about how when you lived in a “depression room” on and off for many years it starts to feel like ur room can never be truly clean again no matter how clean it is in actuality
I started a project called "Behind Mental Health", currently its a small project of just myself sharing my personal stories and struggles with anxiety and depression. I am currently looking for some feedback and maybe volunteers interested in sharing their stories/struggles.
If you live in America, Good luck with affording Mental Health Perscriptions
Don’t wait until you achieve your goal to be proud of yourself. Be proud for every step you take to your end goal
How are you supposed to fight depression when depression literally drains you of all your will to fight?
I'm tired of this shit.
I no longer want to die.
Anyone else here feel like the world is not meant for them?
Are you afraid you'll kill someone/an animal, f*ck your sister, or abuse a child? Consider OCD
Yesterday I was called a racial slur in a restaurant and walked away, now I can’t sleep at night and have uncontrollable rage and sadness. Did I do the right thing?
I almost killed myself and it's made me no longer suicidal
Men’s Mental Health - I’m here to help
Today my Daddy would have turned 60 years old, if only he could have admitted he needed help.
So far you’ve survived 100% of your worst days!
Why is mental health care so inaccessible?
Anyone else feel like they can't trust their own thoughts and feelings?
Do you ever wish you could redo life?
I am utterly incapable of getting any school work done
Can y’all send good vibes? Not feeling great today.
I Feel Like Myself Again!
I FINISHED A PAPER AND A LOT OF HOMEWORK I FEEL AWSOME
Do you ever wish to never wake up from your night?
Hi guys, my wife has just self published and illustrated her very own book for young children who suffer with anxiety and depression. We need to teach this and help our young learn from an early age. Please help me by getting the message out there. https://www.trademe.co.nz/2412984773
Finally qualify for a PTSD/Depression service dog. I meet this sweet girl on Tuesday.
I don't want to turn into a violent, angry, incel [M 21]
Getting a cat helped my mental health
I'm a 40+ year old man with two young boys and a wife. I need to brain dump.
I wish I wasn’t ok
Anyone else high functioning and feel like they arent taken seriously?
Today I went outside for the first time by myself since my SA
The cat
You are loved and wanted, never forget that you amazing human
Male Mental Health
My guinea pig died and no one cares
I am not suicidal anymore, but sometimes by brain will have a suicidal thought totally unprovoked and out of the blue. Why is this? Does anybody else have this?
I watched someone mourn my own death today.
I just want to shout out that I am 36 days clean
Read This!
I got a job!
Greece: Can you help us get front page? Mental institutions all around Greece haven't been paid for 17 months.
It’s my cake day and I’m down 166 pounds.
My Mom passed in September, today a neighbor asked my Dad on a date. Am I a jerk to be upset/hurt about her asking him out when it’s still such a fresh pain for our family?
Lost a friend
The system in American is directly related to the current mental health crisis sweeping the nation.
"Its because I love you, dumbass."
Mental illness can be comfortable
It sucks when you realize you weren't as good of a person as you thought you were
A lot of the time, family members can negatively impact your mental health when they don’t understand that what you are feeling is real.
Masks helping with anxiety. Anyone else?
To all those having a hard time being okay on the holidays!
Because having a mental illness is so fun and relatable
i'm so tired of being told I'm overreacting whenever I get emotional
[TW Sexual Assault, suicide] A young girl accused my dad of sexually assualting her on numerous occasions. 10 days after his arrest he committed suicide.
Does anyone feel frustrated being surrounded by people who don't recognize mental health is just as important as physical health?
Hi! I have beaten depression and anxiety
Kinda cool to think someone somewhere is having the best day of their life today. Someone's hearing I love you for the first time today. Someone's gonna get the job of their dreams today. Someone received some kinda good news today. Tomorrow could be your best day, so keep going.
It is absolutely absurd how easily people that don't have them dismiss mental illnesses
Is it just me, or do most posts just get ignored? I posted here a couple times and I barely got any responses, especially when asking for help or advice.
Being addicted to daydreaming (Maladaptive daydreaming)
Even if nobody reads this..
Am I a terrible person? My mom gives me so much anxiety and I feel like that anxiety will only be gone, once she's gone.
Why are you so quiet?
Does anyone else feel like quality of life is one of the major causes of mental health problems but nobody seems to talk about that part?
I was feeling extra bad today, so I grabbed some cheap paints and started an episode of Bob Ross: Beauty is Everywhere
If everyone on Reddit is American then that means our experiences from a developing country don't matter?
Schizophrenia is very stigmatized
You are more than the things that are "wrong" with you
To anyone who was hurt, abused, manipulated or ridiculed by parents/caregivers: it's not your fault and it's not your job to fix them and their shitty problems.
To all my self-conscious folks with self harm scars
Can someone be proud of me
I wished someone had taught me it was good to apologize, and it’s okay to make mistakes.
I wrote a song following the aftermath of losing my younger brother to suicide and asked fellow redditors to submit short videos of someone they’ve lost or their own personal struggles with depression to raise awareness for mental health ❤️
Is there potential for mental disorders to develop as a result of having toxic parents?
My girlfriend died several years back, and I met someone else now for the first time, but I’m struggling with this a lot.
Do you ever feel like everyone around you thinks you’re “too much”?
I have always been under the impression nobody notices me…
Oh dear guys! I am SO shocked, surprised, and even happy (-ish)!!!
My whole world just collapsed.
Does anyone else get the urge to go walk around late at night/into early morning when you know it’s dangerous, Especially when sad or anxious?
I’m getting evaluated for autism!
happy mental health awareness month!!! 💚💚
progress
My cousin would have been 32 yesterday.
STOP WITH THE CBD SPAM
Last night this sub really helped me. I wanted to say thanks.
I'm real !
This has been the shittiest week i’ve had in a long time
Is there anyone else Who is scared of phone calls?
Seriously, thank you.
So... I just got ripped off during a drug deal gone wrong. And I'm done.
The realist shit that was ever said! I would love to retweet and quote this tweet, but some knob doesn't like when I moan on my twitter about my mental health, so I will share on here and my private one. Much love 🖤
If you thought about killing yourself today and you didn't
Is it normal to sometimes feel nothing at all?
Please be careful of scammers sending messages to people on this sub offering "spiritual guidance"
I finally informed my psychologist about my depression and suicodal thoughts. I finally opened up.
Reminding me my death will hurt people makes it worse
does anyone else do this?
Has anyone else found that animals make their depression a lot better? I'm living away from home and have depression badly. I've since fostered these 2 and the distraction and their characters have made me feel happier. Reminds me of home and gives me something happy to think about.
Gabby Petito case
I did it. I left the house and it almost went terribly, but I did it.
Yesterday my girlfriend died
My therapist is a dick
Instinctual lying, Why?
Happier than ever, finally at the age of 23
We are failing our children
People who say that mental illness isn’t real or you shouldn’t take pills for it because it doesn’t show on the outside are literally wrong.
Made my first therapist appointment!
Today I just really need a hug
The first time I went to therapy was because my mom wanted to know what was wrong with me, once she knew that something was up she never took me back.
“Happiness is a Choice” - do we all agree this is sometimes pure bullshit?
Crying on my birthday
We. Can't. Diagnose. Anybody.
My Dad Committed Suicide Two Days After My Birthday
Thank you Reddit from a mental health patient
FUCK REDDIT
The days you don’t feel like going to therapy, are the days you should go the most.
Is it ok to cut my mother out of my life for my own mental health?
anyone else ever felt good for months and then bam all your symptoms to your mental Illness come back with vengeance and out of the blue? this is scary
What does a day in the life of a nonmentally ill person's life even look like?
Helping Others While Being Broken
Mental Disorder
A 16 year old boy was murdered by his 'friends' 9 years ago. To this day, I still cry over it, even when everyone else has forgotten about him.
Walking behind women at night, as a man, to ease thoughts.
Death
I just cried for the first time in 4+ years
For anyone else alone on Thanksgiving remember it’s just another day, and it will pass.
I got out of bed today. I ended up staying out of bed. Progress.
PEOPLE IN THEIR 20’S what is something you are struggling with the most
What happens after deleting social media
The result of my first art therapy class. I was surprised that it actually made me feel a bit better to just sit and paint for a while without any distractions.
My(f) wife has schizophrenia and bipolar. We've been together 11 years but recently I suspect she has begun "hearing things". I dont know what to do.
Is there a (free) anonymous help/hot line for non emergencies? I’m not going to hurt myself or others but sometimes I have breakdowns and need someone to spill it on. It’s so hard to keep it in but also, no one wants it spilled on them.
I did a healthy coping mechanism!!<- Progress!!
RIP Desmond "Etika" Amofah, 1990 to 2019, a YouTuber and Twitch streamer who killed himself.
In the doctor waiting room right now. Almost didn’t come. Preparing myself to not be taken seriously.
Angry that businesses claim to support Mental Health Awareness day...
[ Removed by Reddit ]
You ever just spend the whole day consumed by your mental state
We Are All Capable Of Re-Inventing Ourselves
This may be random but...
I went the councelling today!
I didn’t cut or burn myself today
Depression is responsible for more lost years of healthy life than HIV; however, it only receives a tiny fraction of the aid HIV receives.
how to know if you've taken your medication (found on tumblr)
