It’s kinda funny how quickly one can go from “today was a great, productive day” to “I wish I had the courage to just fucking end it already”.
Anyone else not want to die and not want to kill themselves but just wish they could just stop existing
My mom died 3 hours ago
Raped in front of my girlfriend. feeling like giving up.
'If you were actually suicidal you'd have killed yourself already and not tell anybody' FUCK OFFFFFFF
I like sleeping because it's the closest thing to not existing that i can experience.
I fucking hate/despise/loathe how money is everything in this fucking life.
I wish I could walk into a hospital, throw my arms up and say “here are my organs. I don’t want them anymore. Donate them to someone who will make better use of them.”
Dear mom, i really dont care about my grades right now. I'm trying to keep your only son alive.
Someone sarcastically told me to kill myself and i just replied " i tried , didnt work"
I’m starting to feel like I’m meant to commit suicide the same way as someone else is meant to become a doctor or to get married. It’s just the path I was meant to take
I’ve seen child porn on the internet. I will never be the same again.
If I could switch positions with someone dying from a terminal illness who wants to live I’d do it in a heartbeat
i swear to god if there's an afterlife i'm gonna be so pissed
I feel embarrassed but....does anyone else get extremely depressed and suicidal when you see a cute person and remember that you’ll always be single and never have a family of your own
My psychiatrist telling me that suicide is a "permanent solution to temporary problem," and then turning around to tell me that my depression is incurable and will likely require a lifetime of therapy and medication.
Just called the suicide hotline
Please remember that NO ACTIVISM of any kind is allowed here. Not today or any day.
I'm a fully-functioning suicidal.
Sleep just Isn't sleep anymore, It's an escape.
I think about killing myself everyday but deep down I don't want to die. I just want a better life.
I hate how I can turn from being fine to feeling like killing myself in just seconds
throwing away my blades today
It's ironic how one suicidal person comforts the other.
Police showed up.
Sleep isn’t just sleep anymore. Its an escape from everything
i told my mum i want to kill myself. she said, “ok, just don’t do it in my house.”
“nobody cares unless your beautiful, popular, or dead.”
I wish i could donate my life to the person who truly wants to live
Having a bad day
It’s extremely messed up that you can’t even go to a psych hospital for help with suicidal thoughts without getting a multi-thousand dollar hospital bill.
Not a single person actually cares unless you kill yourself
I am never "suicidal enough" to be heard. I am too well-dressed, too articulate, too friendly "too" everything to be worthy of any support.
Being suicidal but knowing I’m not actually going to kill myself hurts.
New wiki on how to avoid accidentally encouraging suicide, and how to spot covert incitement
Is anyone else entering the New Year wishing they were dead?
I hate how people dismiss us when we openly say that we are suicidal but when someone keep quiet and kill them selves people be shocked like “They never said anything I didn’t know” WAKE TF UP AND LOVE ME STOP DISMISSING HOW I FEEL
I kinda wish my family didn't love me so I could kill myself in peace.
Today I realized that I'm probably going to actually commit suicide sometime in my life.
I’m so fucking sick of the “it gets better” and “keep pushing forward” bullshit. Every single second of the day I think about not being here. Why can’t people just get that? I’ve been to therapy, been on medication, went to the gym, eaten healthy, and so on and it’s not a cure. I’m done.
Why are other suicidal people so nice and understanding but all the while still wanting to kill themselves?
Can't die yet. Gotta wait for my Amazon package.
I work. I exercise. I eat healthy. I take my fucking meds. I still want to kill myself.
I wonder what it feels like to have never considered suicide
I just saw a post asking “If you committed suicide a year ago what beautiful things would you have missed?”. I can’t think of a single thing.
“suicide is a permanent solution for a temporary problem” makes no sense whatsoever
Sorry folks, we've got a troll: Please message the moderators if you get harassed via PM after posting here.
You know what sucks? Staying alive purely for other people when you know this life isn’t worth it :)
Plans foiled by a f**king cat
I'd say its kinda a weird reason to live but, I really like Minecraft
I DONT WANNA "ACHIEVE" SHIT OR "LEAVE A MARK" OR "SEE THE WORLD" I HATE IT HERE AND I WANT REST
People say life gets better, but that’s a fucking lie.
The fact that suicidal ideation is so normalized makes it impossible to get help
i drank bleach
I’m sorry, but I’m going to do it. My cat must know, he is on my lap. At midnight I will do it. Please help me. Any body. I’m honestly done. I don’t care if I’m 13. I just want it to end
People always say; "just" get a job, "just" find a new hobby, "just" go for a walk, "just" make new friends. Newsflash: IT DOESN'T FUCKING WORK.
remember when "I'll kill you" used to be a threat? now it's like, PLEASE MOTHERFKER, GO AHEAD!
Does anyone else have this really destructive pattern of feeling suicidal and ruining everything in your life because you think you won’t be around to deal with it, only to fail or not even attempt suicide and have to try to pick up the pieces?
I fucking hate yelling.
I told my parents I was suicidal. They laughed at me
I find myself googling "I just want to kill myself" pretty much every day.
anyone else just staying alive for other people at this point?
Being suicidal throughout your young adult years is very strange and leaves you in a weird place when you hit your 20s because you never really had a plan to get this far to begin with, never mind have a plan for the next 50+ years.
I don’t wish I was dead, I wish I never existed.
“Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem” I hate sayings like this with all my heart.
I'm a COVID-19 nurse in an intensive care unit, and I can't cope
Watch out for a PM scammer asking people to purchase items from an amazon wishlist.
I wanted to commit suicide today but then I got Taco Bell instead
Chocolate saved my life
I tried to hang myself a few hours ago and failed, now i feel dumb and decided to not do it anymore
I’ve decided that I won’t kill my self
I attempted suicide, almost died and did *not* regret it. Am I truly doomed
Ever been so depressed that you avoid mirrors because you hate the person you see
You have to be brave to commit suicide, isnt it ironic?
“Jumping of a bridge is suicide and bad. But jumping off a bridge and yelling PARKOUR is just a stunt gone wrong” - My brain every time I’m near heights
"You are not depressed, you are lazy " These words haunt me ,and due to them I am afraid of approaching others for help.
People really don't realise how much their comments hurt.
It fucking hurts to know that not even your own mind accepts you.
Being called childish while suicidal is simply heartbreaking
People who say “it’s a bad day, not a bad life” are the fucking worst
I hate the misconception that people who are suicidal don't think about how their family and friends will be impacted.
Does anyone else constantly teeter between planning how to kill yourself and planning how to fix your life?
People with a supportive family don't realize how fucking privileged they are.
i wish nobody cared about me so i could kill myself without destroying other lives in the process
I hope no one will cry at my funeral, I was already dead inside for a long time and they didn't care.
I don’t want to study, I don’t want to work, I don’t want to get married, I don’t want a family
Nothing is worse than your birthday when you're suicidal.
I nearly killed myself today
People don't give a fuck about you until you're dead. I fucking hate humanity
Sorry little dude
Job hunting is wild when you're suicidal
I’m a Nurse who killed people
You ever just leave an awkward conversation and think “Wow. I should really just kill myself.”?
At this point, the only thing stopping me from committing suicide is the fear of surviving it.
I wish I could just die without killing myself
I hate how comforting the thought of suicide can be.
What's the point of calling the suicide hotline if they send the cops to your place and get you arrested?
Why do people try to guilt people into not committing suicide by saying "your family and friends will miss you."? If I'm dead I'm pretty sure I won't care if they're sad
I can't stand it when people post suicide hotlines.
Just been notified that the cancer in my dad has spread and that he is about to die. I dont want to be an orphan. I lost my mom to cancer five years ago, my uncle in december 2020 and half my family is already dead. I cant. I will kill myself when he dies. Tha pain is too much. Not again.
I want to fucking die.
Going into 2021 still wanting to die
I wanted to jump off a bridge, but I got a burrito instead.
I just opened up to someone about me having suicidal thoughts and they legit replied with “you have a life better than so many others” like 😃
I am so scared of the future.
fuck people who say trauma is the way to become stronger
I just realised that people don't really care about my mental health. They just care that I'm not a whining bitch anymore.
I bet if I killed myself in my apartment, I could easily go about a month before anyone realized
I’m an attractive white man from a wealthy family. The odds were always in my favor. I think I’m gonna shoot myself in the face.
Sleep is a temporary solution to a permanent problem
Nobody cares about you unless youre beautiful, or dead
No one cares about your life until you say you want to end it
The thing is, I KNOW things can get "better" for me. It's just that I don't care anymore.
My wife committed suicide, i want to follow her
Reminder: Absolutely no activism of any kind is allowed here. Any day.
My cat is the only reason I'm still alive.
I'd be 80-90% less suicidal if I didn't have money problems.
3 days ago was my birthday, I should’ve done it but my dog and a redditor saved my life
I've ruined my potential
tried to shoot myself last night, the bullet got stuck
Just called suicide hotline. Thanks, Tom.
I just phoned a suicide hotline... what a fucking joke.
Whoever messaged me after my first post telling im only going to be happy if I accept Jesus
If I go downstairs right now and tell my mum I'm planning to hang myself tonight and I want her to help me survive the night she'll say I'm just attention seeking, but after I die tonight she'll spend months crying about her poor dead daughter to get sympathy.
My therapist said I made her uncomfortable
"Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem." .... Yeah that sounds fucking amazing.
I love it when people say "you're not alone" and yet here I am, alone.
The logistics of killing yourself are so endlessly, frustratingly complicated
Only reason I haven’t tried killing myself is because I’m scared of surviving and having to explain myself
Today I tried to kill myself
You know something's wrong when your first reaction towards someone else's suicide is jealousy, not sadness.
Am I simply just too lazy to live?
Does anybody else dress like a homeless person cause they stopped caring about their appearance?
The fact that I'll die one day is the most comforting thing I can think of
I don't wanna live but i don't have balls to kill myself.
Staying alive for other people is so fucking hard
The hardest part of being suicidal
Parents who are “there for you” until your mental illness becomes slightly intolerable for them.
The worst point is always when I realise I'm not actually going to do it
Im 16 and i want to kill myself
I don’t see the point in living when I’m suppose to work my whole life?
I consider suicide every day, but I don't think i'll actually ever do it.
My mom is soo wise guys like literally
Gf tried to kill her self 4 days in a row, now I’m on 24/7 watch duty and my life is being ruined.
It’s pissing me off that I can’t have a conversation with anyone about suicide without them thinking I’m going to immediately kill myself.
Even if I don't commit suicide, I feel my whole life's been wasted on suicidal thoughts
Whenever things get shitty I just think about killing myself and it makes me feel better.
I hate my parents for having me
I've gone to a hotel at the other end of the country to kill myself
“You’re not alone.” Yes, the fuck I am.
This quote about suicide is feeling far too accurate
WHY IS KILLING YOURSELF SO DIFFICULT.I NEVER ASKED FOR THIS SHIT.I WANT PEACE.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
i regret not having attempted to kill myself when i had the chance. i feel so trapped now. i really don’t know what to do anymore.
I'd like to raise a toast to those of us sticking around because the cats can't feed themselves!
it’s my birthday today
Wake up sleep deprived, go to work, come home too tired to do anything, go to bed, can't sleep, repeat. Life is hell, and it isn't worth the few fleeting moments of happiness because for every 1 moment of happiness, there's 100 moments of misery.
I can’t see a future for myself that doesn’t end in suicide
Wife cheated update
My mom is dying, and i'm killing myself when it happens
I think the only thing stopping me from killing myself is the fact I do not like pain.
I'm a pedophile and I think I'm ready to kill myself
I want to be alive
8 billion people, and for some stupid reason I needed to be born too. And you too, if you feel the same way about your existence.
I hate how when you’re depressed you just forget everything. You forget to do stuff and you forget the stuff you did. Time passes without you realising and instead of doing nothing for ten minutes you did nothing for three hours but you didn’t even realise you were actually living.
I’ve been dead for 4 years now
Anyone else here "suicidal but not suicidal"?
Suicidal people don’t want to die, they just want the pain to stop.
Has anyone been suicidal for so long but don’t have the courage to end it so you end up isolating yourself from everyone so people forget you eventually?
Why does everyone get angry when you're suicidal?
School starts tomorrow :/
Fuck
Life is a scam.
I hate how your brain teases you with random moments of motivation/hope/joy/etc. then plunges you back into feeling like subhuman trash for days or weeks on end
Passive suicidal thoughts are taking over my life.
My girlfriend killed herself
The reason I love my bed and sleeping so much is because it’s the closest to death I can get for now, it’s like a free trial
I’m more afraid to live another 60 years than dying.
I'm never going to the guidance counselor again
Online school is really making me consider suicide
My sister committed suicide last night.
Nobody talks about the after attempt
I HAVEN'T HAD AN ACTUAL HUMAN CONVERSATION WITH ANYONE FOR 3 FUCKING YEARS. I'M SO FUCKING LONELY AND SAD I'M GOING INSANE, I'M CHOCKING I'D RATHER LITERALLY DROWN PLEASE JUST MAKE IT STOP I'M LOSING MY MIND
I wish depression was a physical illness too
As soon as you die that’s when everyone gives a fuck .
Some of us were just born to lose.
weird how our own brains can destroy us
They'll let you be homeless but tell you suicide is "never the answer"..
If you make enough suicide attempts, people stop caring.
Reminder: NO ACTIVISM is allowed here at any time.
I wish I fucking die in my sleep
I'm fucked. Oh so fucked.
I wish I was allowed to commit suicide.
Widowed by suicide on Christmas
I can’t kill myself bc of friends and family. I wish I could just die suddenly and naturally.
I hate people saying "Don't kill yourself, some people will be sad about you"
I'm at the point where the feelings of suicide are based around logic, not emotion.
The worst part is when you reach the stage where no tears come out no matter how hard you try and instead you carry a dull ache around your heart everyday.
"If you were REALLY suicidal, you wouldn't tell anyone about it. You'd just do it."
Has anyone had a good day but still wanted to kill themselves?
I FUCKING HATE HOW PEOPLE TELL ME TO FIND SOMETHING THAT I ENJOY, THAT THING DOESN'T FUCKING EXIST!
i hate myself so much.
I’m so sick of trying to tell people I’m suicidal and having positivity shoved in my face
I’m 26. I live at home. I can’t handle the stress of a 40 hour work week. I’m your town’s loser who never made it out.
I'm ugly
Just because it got better for YOU doesn’t me it’ll get better for ME
I am so sick and tired of people saying “suicide is permanent solution to a temporary problem” well guess what, my problem has been my whole life.
I wish I died when I was a happy child
Fuck You Dad
My Mom showed off my suicide letter like it was a fashion statement
Anyone else going to miss the part of them that could have been so great?
“Grades don’t define you.” I have a hard time believing that.
Fuck off with the "it gets better" bs. ive felt this way for 7 years.
I cannot believe how undeniably hard it is to kill yourself.
I’m sick and tired of nobody giving a fuck about how you feel unless you’re cutting yourself or want to kill yourself.
I opened up
the suicide hotline is a joke
“You’re not alone” doesn’t help me and I don’t know why anybody thinks it will
Last year I was miserable and depressed but I turned that shit around this year;
How can people not wanna be dead? Like honestly I’m at a point where I’m about to just snap and kill self and I’m only 21. I swear nothing I do changes the way I look at life. Everyday just seems like it gets worse and It’s starting to make living impossible.
Do you ever have a really good dream but then wake up back to reality and tasting that fleeting moment of happiness makes you just want to fucking die so much?
It was easier for me to buy this gun than get proper mental health support.
don’t you guys just love the feeling of being asleep
Life is money money money money money money
I refuse to be an adult. i refuse all of this shit. I'm not just another number in the machine. How dare my parents impose life upon me? Who gave them the right?Fuck humanity. Fuck life, the universe was a mistake. I can't believe i was dragged into this shitshow.
No one cares until you're about to kill yourself
My sister wants me to kill myself and I agree with her
Scroll, stare at wall, want to kill myself, cry, scroll, stare at wall, scroll, cry, want to kill myself, want to kill myself, cry, stare, scroll, kill, stare, scroll, cry, kill, cry cry cry cry
I would rather kill myself than go to work
My sister tried to kill herself two days ago.
quarantine would be heaven if i lived alone
I never realized how little people care about me until I started having mental health problems.
I hate people who say suicidal people are selfish.
A letter to a friend who'll never read it.
I hate being a guy
It’s time to be realistic.
Does anyone else just feel like disappearing socially? Nuking social media, cutting ties to your family & friends, etc?
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
“The reason your posting here is because you really want to live”
I told my parents I’m going to kill myself and they just wished me the best
“High school is the best 4 years of your life”
I’m absolutely annoyed whenever I comment something suicidal and random people just tell me “call the national suicide prevention hotline” , I actually want people that I can relate my problems with, I don’t want a fucking hotline that doesn’t do shit.
My friend has killed himself
today i asked my mom why she never did anything to stop my oldest sister from sexually and physically abusing me when i was younger. she said "every person experiences something bad, no one has had a perfect life." (TW: sexual and physical abuse; child neglect)
I wish there was a reset button for life
Do you ever feel like suicide is your destiny?
Why was I born ugly, stupid and boring?
My entire life ive lived in my head
My husband died and I want to too
In my school bathroom crying
Fuck everything and everyone
Ive attempted suicide and my goodbye letter was shown to everyone
Does anyone see weddings and instantly think: "That's never gonna happen for me"
The worst feeling in the world is when you don't want to be alive but you're too big of a pussy to do it because you feel obligated to stay for other people's well-being
Having to go to work everyday just to survive on this planet makes me want to kill myself. Its fucking slavery.
I’ve become the person I always feared of being
I fucking hate working. Everything is meaningless. I have no motivation and everyone keeps ignoring me.
Funny how the only thing that calms my suicidal thoughts is reminding myself that it’s always an option and can do it whenever I want.
My mom was being nice to me today, and I’m one day sober of the thought of killing myslef:)
Do you feel like a useless NPC ?
People who fall asleep and never wake up again are truly blessed
I tried to hang myself today. I need a reason to not try again tomorrow.
I slit my arm and my chest open
Can't believe I was the sperm that won the race.
Suicide is not an choice, it's something that happens when you run out of resources to cope...
Found the website of the psych ward I've been to and this quote made me laugh
I shot myself but the bullet didn't come out 💔💔💔
What is the point of venting if people don't wanna see your depressing shit 90% of the time.
I'm just alive because I'm too much of a coward to die.
Early 30s, female, no friends, NO CONNECTIONS, no intellect, no attractive physical features, learning disabilities, mental illness, tons of debt, and no college degree--an impossible rut.
Please say 'life got better FOR ME' instead of generalising and assuming it'll get better for everyone
I'm a single father who's daughter just died.
I find it kinda funny that “normal” people see suicide as unimaginable or something that you’d “never do”.
I'm going to psych ward
I want to be dead, but I don't want to die
How the fuck do people expect someone with mental illness to succeed in life?
I lost my girlfriend to suicide last week
It’s really sad knowing that everyone I’ve ever known in my entire life is doing way better than me
Anyone ever lie in bed at night and think to yourself, “I could end it all right now with this (knife, gun, pills, etc)?”
Wish someone would thank me for staying alive
"it gets better" is just bullshit that people say to make you feel better when they don't know what to say.
I get so angry when I hear about people who die in their sleep because it’s not fair and it should be me.
I often think killing myself is the most logical step to creating a better world.
I hate living in this world. Everything is about money and I’m sick of it.
Why do all the articles that show up when you google "reasons to live" absolutely make me want to kill myself even more?
Likely won't commit suicide, but if someone pointed a gun at my head, I'd probably let them pull the trigger.
I got the knife in my hand. Gonna try and cut myself till i die. Goodbye everyone here , thanks y'all for being nicer to me than my own dad. Bye <3
I wish I can give my life to someone who actually wants it.
It hursts seeing your friends have fun when your at home thinking about whether or not you should live.
Just please read it would mean a lot to me. I’m so alone.
I hate to say it but thank you guys
I wish life had a reset button.
I want to deepthroat a shotgun...
No one gives a shit until you admit you want to die
How do some of you guys still study or do stuff???
Why does everyone think therapy is some miracle cure???
Every time I consider suicide, something keeps me holding on.
The thought of killing myself gives me comfort
I wish someone loved me
Question: how do non suicidal people cope with everything
When I die fuck it i wanna go to hell
I hate that I can’t kill myself
I fucked up and let my depression take my highschool years away, both socially and academically. Now I have zero friends and am lagging behind about 5 years.
I knew I was going to kill myself even when I was a kid.
Why do people who DONT want to die die?
I feel like killing myself after reading a book or watching a movie
I wish I could fast forward 10 years just to see if it's worth it.
Do y’all’s ever want to kill yourself over a minor inconvenience and that makes you want to kill yourself even more cause other people have it way worse?
Even in my happiest moments I'd still rather be dead
I want to kill myself to show my friends I'm not just being an attention whore
Just graduated from college today, planning on taking my life tonight.
I get suicidal when i see people doing better than me
Hey yo, FUCK YOU to whoever tied up their dog inside my chicken coop
my rape ruined my life and I can’t escape it anymore
I tried to kill myself Friday
The responses from the only 3 people I've trusted in years to let know I was suicidal.
This is by far the loneliest and saddest birthday I ever had
I told my parents about being raped
I just joined reddit. I'm 40 years old and suicidal. I have problems with porn. I've never had sex with a woman.
Bye guys!
I told my abusive narcissistic sadist of a mother to “Fuck off, eat the shit that comes out of your mouth & die painfully you sadistic cunt!” Right before cutting contact with her.
Suicide is the first thing I think of when I wake up and it is the last thing I think of before bed.
I know this is gonna sound creepy but...
Cognitive decline. Can anyone relate?
I fucking hate seeing love and affection everywhere around me
My brother killed himself and I want to be with him
Fuck Friends
If there was a ' end ur life rn ' button I would have gladly pressed it
My despicable legacy
I’m proud of myself
eVeRyOnE gOeS tHrOuGh dEpPrEsSiOn, YoU’rE nOt AlOnE
My therapist told me that in order to feel better I gotta suffer.
Sleeping is so peaceful, I hate waking up.
I fucking hate humans who treat suicidal people like they are some negative demons
Does anyone else ever think to themselves “any day now I’m going to kill myself”
It's kinda sad when u don't really wanna die but u don't wanna live either
depression has given me brain damage
I wish I could sleep forever.
I HATE HUMANITY
I want to kill myself to avoid the future
Gone before 2021
Can anyone spare time to talk please? Attempted suicide. No friends
Please someone just notice this
I just overdosed and dont want to die
My dad recorded a video of me walking down the street
i just took all the remaining pills of my 5 prescriptions. goodbye.
People who have never experienced suicidal thoughts don’t realize how lucky they are
I tried to kill myself yesterday
Can't talk to anyone about being suicidal because it will just lead to them calling the police on me and becoming prisoner in a hospital
I made a post on this subreddit asking for someone to give me some hope and somebody downvoted it. Fuck this.
My parents shouldn't have given birth to me
I’m only alive so people won’t be sad I’m dead
Will I EVER commit suicide? Probably not. Do I think about doing it? Every. Single. Day.
I don't bother telling anyone in my life that I'm suicidal anymore.
I am getting meaner and meaner every single day.
Today i was told that “Suicide is the coward’s way out. Don’t be a coward.”
Anyone else feels like a burden to their friends?
I want to kill myself more than anything but I can’t;(
Jobs are slavery , work , obey, consume or suffer .
Everyone I know is working so hard and I'm just sitting here watching.
My name is Tyler, that’s my real name this is my only account, I’m highly suicidal, have been since I was about 6-7 years old, I’m 26 now and it’s different now. I’m going to tell you my story in a new attempt to gain enough relief to fall asleep tonight. Thanks for reading if you do <3
I'm gonna kms on Christmas
My Arab Muslim mom just said to me that if abortion was permitted in islam she would aborted me
i no longer plan on making it out of 2020.
goodbye everyone i took an overdose it wont be long now
Being disabled has ruined my life
the plan
I don't care if I'm loved if i can't feel it.
Attempt failed. Currently in the hospital.
Planning suicide is the only thing that makes me feel better anymore
Suicide is not irrational at all
GUILT TRIPPING IS NOT OK
People will say anything to keep you from killing yourself, even if it isn’t true
This is it. My last night on this Earth.
Take A Second To Look Around..
UPDATE THANK YOU, EVERYONE,​ WHO PUSHED ME TO LIVE!!!!!!!
I am back :(
You ever just feel sad and want to write a huge rant but you can’t come up with the energy or the words?
ADHD is not a fucking joke. It's not quirky, it's not funny and it's not something I want.
The only reason I haven't killed myself is because I'm scared of not knowing what death is.
Please don't judge me
I take reassurance in the fact I can kill my self if things get too bad
found and performed cpr on dead friend/looking for help
Anyone else surprised they survived through 2018?
Fantasising about being saved.
People are sick
I don't want to die but I wouldn't mind if I die.
I finally told my husband how I’ve been struggling recently and...
What is it called when you're not suicidal, but don't care anymore?
i kind of want to fail a suicide attempt just to show people that im struggling
Today is 4 years since I shot myself
i want a hug
I AM DEFINITELY GOING TO STAB MY STOMACH AND JUST BLEED IN BED MY HEAD CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE EVERYDAY IS GETTING WORSE FOR ME IM SORRY TO EVERYONE I REALLY AM
I FUCKING HATE RELIGION
Does anyone else not want to die, but have intrusive thoughts like "I need to die", "Why are you still alive", "I'm not even human", etc? It's starting to really scare me.
i was raped
My students are the only thing keeping me alive
My brother killed himself 3 years ago, and now I'm older than he was
My mom is screaming about how she wish I was never born downstairs
Too much of a pussy to kill myself
I attempted…and failed…and looked like a fucking idiot.
Fuck society
never sharing suicidal thoughts with anyone
I live because i have cat
Being lonely IS enough to kill you
Do you ever go to sleep early wishing you never wake up?
i dont want to kill myself but i see no other future other than me killing myself
I'm sorry Mommy
i wish i could donate my remaining lifespan to someone who still wanted to live
I’ve been told to “hang in there,” for 30 years now.
I feel like my default mood is suicidal
i just wanna sleep forever
For once, I just want to stop being the punchline of everyone's jokes.
just attempted suicide
Thinking about suicide comforts me.
I know no one will read this
Anyone else’s suicidal thoughts get triggered by the smallest things?
The only thing keeping me from killing myself is watching other people do it
I’m a quiet person that not good at socializing. The world reminds me everyday that I’m not wanted.
sleep just isn't sleep anymore, it's an escape.
I need to die in a car crash or some other unfortunate accident. I don’t have the balls to do it myself. Please universe just give my life to someone who wants to live. I just need my life to end.
"This is not acceptable behavior. Talk to me when you calm down."
PLEASE FUCKING KILL ME
A final goodbye
My gf made an attempt
i tried coming out to my mom
If I had a gun with me right now, I wouldn't hesitate to kill myself. I just want a quick and easy way out.
I am the kid that tries to join your friend group but fails. I am the kid that can’t take a hint. I am the kid that no one likes. I am the weird kid. I want to die.
Being born ugly sets you up to fail
i hate you
I fucking hate people
I just swallowed 1000mg of Duloxetine
I tried to kill myself but survived and no one knows
I am the comedian
My brain is absolutely fucking destroyed from years of porn consumption and maladaptive daydreaming
I can't take this fake fucking positivity shit of "it gets better" and "you're gonna make it"
Thanks reddit
Failed suicide attempt
I pray every night that I don’t wake up in the morning
Killing yourself is selfish.
No one really cares, they're only trying to make themselves feel good.
nobody cares if youre suicidal until you actually commit suicide
I wish I could be someone else, something different. I really hate myself, I hate being me
Woke up in tears today because I had a dream where I was crying because of how much o hated myself .Feels like a whole new level of self-hatred .
I am going to hang myself at lunch
Please remember that NO ACTIVISM of any kind is ever allowed here. No matter what day it is.
Life is not worth living if you aren't rich
I will probably kill myself tomorrow bcs of my girlfriend
To the child I once was, I’m so sorry for what I have done.
I'm quite convinced that depression will kill me someday, and I'm okay with that.
Games aren’t fun anymore. Books aren’t fun anymore
I have to work everyday for the rest of my life and have zero friends.. what’s the point? Like seriously what is the point of just working and existing alone in my apartment?
my dad killed himself day before yesterday. I don't think I can survive this. my mum died when I was 6, sister on heroin, and now he's dead. I don't see the point anymore. my whole family is dead.
It’s my bday today and I didn’t get any wishes from anyone
Update
Bruh my therapist actually used that stupid motto on me
A bit ago I was so worried about how badly my suicide would affect others. Now I’m starting to care less and less.
I’m going to drown myself in a few hours
I feel like an NPC in a world filled with players. i’m just created to commit suicide and i can’t change the settings to stop that.
I should have never existed
reality is so disappointing, fuck life
Worst part is they won
I posted a joke on twitter so I wouldn’t kill myself
Can we not gatekeep suicidal depression?
Imagine how pleasant it would be to sleep forever
Its 1 am and I dont want to sleep because I'm not ready to wake up and deal with another fucking day.
Wrote this while sitting on a bridge looking down
well guys, i’m alive
The only meaning of life quote that makes any sense
I just wanna go to sleep, never wake up, and forever live in my fantasy world
Healthy brains don't ask that question.
I love my kitty
[URGENT] I think a friend committed suicide. Please help.
Going to fight corona soon
I want to sleep and never wake up 😴 😫😭
I tried to hang myself, the belt broke.
It’s so fucking frustrating that so many people that have zero experience with mental illness think they know what constitutes an “attention seeker” vs “reaching out”
Fuck new year.. Fuck the society.. Fuck everyone and everything..
There is no easy way to die
My parents asked me to kill myself
I jumped off a (small) bridge
I don't even want to kill myself. I want to MURDER myself, that's how much I hate myself
My brother (17) killed himself in 2017 and I'm (16) thinking of doing the same
[LONG UPDATE] 16 years old. I went on a walk, and the light was golden on the trees that arched above me. It was like heaven's gates. It was like God telling me to come home.
I don't eat or sleep anymore and I hope it'll kill me.
My post here had not a single like or comment. I feel so alone.
Waking up is “ oh please Not again” then waiting till it’s dark again. Repeat.
Why is it so hard for some people to accept that life just isn't that great for some people?
I just called the hotline and got hung up on. Talk about feeling alone
Pretending you're ok is so exhausting.
“You have no choice but to keep fighting.” Oh, but I do. I do have a choice
Why does living with depression just feel like a series of necessary distractions?
Does anyone else feel destined to die by suicide?
I use it as a comfort blanket
I just want a hug
I tried to kill myself.
I almost died yesterday
killing myself on jan 1st 2020
I want to pass away so badly
I wouldn't care if i got tested positive for COVID and died from it.
Sick of hearing ‘it gets better’
I'm a garbage collector and so tired of being used as the example of who nobody wants to be
I would rather kill myself than have a job.
I just took a ton of pills... Goodbye ig
If I could exchange my life with someone who needs it more, I would.
I give up
Life is a complete fucking joke. I don't understand why people think life matters. Because it doesn't matter.
I just want to die in my sleep.
5 more hours until I promised I'd kill myself a long time ago.
I told everyone in my life I'm going to kill myself today
Do you ever realize how easily you can exit someone's life?
i'm lucky enough to have a few people in my life who care so much for me that sometimes it actually hurts. i don't want them to wake up one day to find me dead. even if right now i can't live for myself, i will try for them.
I’ll never find my person and watching everyone around me find theirs is painful
i don't believe in god, but I've already came to the point where i'd pray to him every night that i'd get hit by a car and die or something
“If you hit rock bottom then it’s only up from there” is the biggest load of shit I’ve ever heard.
I wish I had killed myself when I was a teenager
ever just sit in bed and cry
Should i commit suicide?
I've become so accustomed to the fact that I'm going to kill myself that other people's struggles with suicide don't register to me much
i am suicidal and i feel that you can only really talk to other suicidal people about suicide and depression
I want to die and join him
I wish I could give someone else my life
I hate that you can’t even mention suicidal thoughts because everyone will freak out
I’m about to kill myself
I'm 15 years old, I will kill myself next week. I need help. I need to feel that somebody understands me.
I don’t want to get “help”
I’ve decided to 🔪myself this weekend
I wish I had killed myself as a teenager cause now I'm 21 and my life is even worse than I could've ever imagined.
It’s Father’s Day and I’m 23 and a single dad and I feel so lonely and sad, I don’t feel happy I don’t know why , I wish I wasn’t alive right now and some how died of a accident, I really wish I had some affection by someone who loves me too,
I died yesterday
I'm afraid one day I'll just snap and kill myself
Does anyone else think about suicide every few seconds?
I genuinely hate being alive
So let me get this straight...I have to do this for another 50+ years?
My dad fired the gun
the world is too scary and i don’t want to deal with it
I only feel at peace when I think about dying
the amount of people suffering here is insane
my dad just threw a knife at me and told me to kill myself so he doesn't have to live with such a horrible child
It never gets better lol
I have plans to kill myself
Really jealous when other people commit suicide
I don’t want to live without him
I fucking hate my birthday
Please read this if you have the time.
Last night I dreamt that I was happy. I'd forgotten what it felt like.
Any other students here that can’t bring themselves to do their schoolwork because of their mental health?
I killed my girlfriend, and now I want to kill myself..
FUUUUUUUCK EVERYTHING
i didn’t ask to be alive
Why do I fuck up everything
It sucks so bad when you have a bunch of great days in a row, and you feel like you’re making a ton of progression on your mental health and outlook and life in general. Then 1 bad thing happens and you’re back to feeling worthless
Death sounds really good right now. Like a nice sandwich. Like I’m starving. Like, “man, death would really hit the spot right now.”
Sometimes I wish I didn't have people who would be affected by my hypothetical suicide.
It’s crazy to think that we all have just this 1 shot at life and some people are born into much happier/richer environments than others, and some of us are just born with fucking mental illnesses and have just got to watch people be fucking happy and live normal lives
I'm transgender and my family will never accept me.
The fact I'm gonna die from suicide in the future is comforting...
"But you are so attractive you have no reason to have social anxiety and depression."
I am 37 and about to lose everything that matters to me
I’m jealous of the people who have never experienced depression
This world is objectively terrible
Attempted suicide a few hours ago and I'm shook and so scared.
'if you kill yourself your passing your pain to someone else' pretty sure i wouldn't care if i im already dead.
No one will see this but if you do, thank you 🖤
I'm so embarrassed that I genuinely am considering suicide.
Bye stupid terrible world. You're all terrible.
I wish there was a reset button for life.
why did i have to be so fucking ugly
i really wanna hang myself rn. Im not going to do it, but i really want to
Goodbye
Just to thank a girl angel that appears in my dreams
I’m killing myself in a few minutes.
My mom thought my suicide attempt was just for attention
will someone read this?
I don't want to kill myself. But if death comes knocking, I wouldn't hesitate to open the door.
My life isn't BAD bad, but I don't see the point to living. It just feels like I'm wasting away. But I don't want to kill myself either. I just want to vanish, or maybe fall into a coma.
The lack of empathy people have (including therapists) makes me feel like I'm too sensitive for this world.
Ordering pizza just to see a human and have someone visit me
I want to kill myself. I want to die. NSFW
it pisses me off that people mourn over your dead body but ignores you when you're alive and puts aside their emotions as if it never happened.
God, I wish I was never born.
Police officer struggling with suicidal thoughts I cannot openly talk about.
Nobody genuinely wants to help you in the real world
What hurts the most is when you really need to call somebody but you have nobody that would want hear you.
High School (more specifically the people at it) makes me suicidal as f*ck.
Got fired for taking a dump
FFS I can't accept the reality of how society works
Suicidal Thoughts after I gave myself permanent nerve damage in my penis.
Everyone wants YOU to do something, but noone wants to help YOU in person.
Please feel free to keep scrolling. Find happiness and peace, my friends.
WHEN YOU ARE MENTALLY ILL, NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOU. THE BIGGEST GASLIGHT OF OUR AGE IS BLAMING SICK PEOPLE FOR BEING SICK. i will die alone.
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHOSE NOT EXCITED FOR UPCOMING DECADE??
Im Alive. But I'm not Living.
The only thing I look forward to every day is going to sleep.
I asked last Saturday if "Anyone there" ? You answered. Thank you. I was half way through my suicide attempt.
the suicide accempt that made my life even more of a living hell
I'm not safe.
I told my mom for the first time that I tried to commit suicide
I quit.
Every time I go to sleep I hope I don't wake up
Can you be suicidal but NOT want to die?
Why is it so hard to kill yourself
I don’t think I will make it through this year
Wish I could go to sleep and not wake up
"I used to be like you! But I got better! it's possible!"
i think my online friend killed himself
When you come to the conclusion that suicide is logical.
I tried to hang myself and I’m not handling it well
I just want to sleep, and never wake up again.
I tried hanging myself yesterday and gave up as I started to fade
I’m sorry I wasn’t strong enough to stay until the end. Bye
If I could do it with a 100% success rate I wouldn’t second guess it
do people not realize "you realize so and so has it worse right?" is the most shitbag excuse ever?
It’s crazy how some people will live their entire lives without ever considering suicide
i almost killed myself
I wish someone would shoot me to death.
Depression ruined my personality and my mind
I'm addicted to the idea of not existing anymore
My only goal in life is to earn enough money to repay my parents then kill myself
WHY CAN'T I JUST FUCKING DO IT!
Have you ever been stuck in a cycle of “I want to live and give a big fuck you to people who kicked me when I was down,” to “I want to kill myself to prove a point” to “nobody gives a shit about me enough for either of those things to happen?”
Do y'all also feel like you don't want to be a part of this sick disgusting society
Depression has killed my brain
If killing yourself is selfish, then is living for other people fair to yourself?
Planning my suicide makes me feel almost euphoric
Everyone wants me get help so I don't kill myself but nobody wants to talk to me and help me by just talking to me
I'm deciding not to take my life.
THE ONLY REASON I'M ALIVE IS BECAUSE I'M PROCRASTINATING ON KILLING MYSELF
Every time I get the slightest bit of motivation I get hit by reality like a ton of bricks
I don’t even cry anymore when I brainstorm ways to kill myself.
I hope I die in my sleep
I wish I was dead
The thought of killing myself is the only thing that actually makes me happy
I turned out to be everything I didn't want to be
I can't believe normal people just don't want to kill themselves.
Best friend killed himself, I want to join him
The worst thing about life is that it's fucking boring
I’m a robot
why did my parents have to have me
Being unemployed due to mental health listening to my friend brag about how much money he’s making/spending working from home
Fuck google
I feel so alone I just wish I had someone to hug me
I'm a failure as a man
Why does every inconvenience trigger suicidal thoughts?
I hate waking up.
I wish i could die faceless.
I should have killed myself in high school
Who else feels like they're only still living to spare the feelings of their family members?
So this is how it ends (an Adult suicide)
Suicide is like a security blanket
I wish COVID would have taken me.
You know what sucks? Being suicidal and having no one to talk about it.
I’m going to end my life in December.
Alone
i like it here
40 years of suicidal thoughts
i tried to commit suicide today
Any body else feel, stressed/anxious /guilty/hopeful /hopeless /scared/sad /suicidal /all in around a 24 hour period give or take?
Happy people telling you to just "be positive"
Anyone also getting suicidal thoughts when seeing happy stuff?
i'd rather die than get a job
No friends, no skills, no hobbies, no love, yet I'm told there's beauty in life.
My boyfriend (M24) tried to kill himself and I (M23) can't trust him anymore
Why do they get to die
Is it normal to think about death all the time?
I’m jealous of the people who have the courage to commit suicide
I'll be ignored again...
sleeping is my way of not existing. I'm tired of existing
Is being passively suicidal a thing?
I wish I would die in my sleep
I Miss Feeling Sad
Anyone else badly want a relationship but know it’s a terrible idea
Suicide is becoming a more and more attractive option each passing day.
Boyfriend, my only source of happiness, broke up with me. Everything in my life is shattering.
Going from suicidal to very happy all in the same day
Sleep 🛌!
I wish I had the balls to do it.
It's a vicious cycle when you feel like your wasting your 20's away but you don't have the will power to change it. When you'd rather die than see yourself waste away your young life.
isn't it funny, living for people who made you suicidal
Told my husband I survived my attempt. His reply: “Shut up.”
I'm Happy This Sub Reddit Exists
I finally told my mom that I’m suicidal and her reaction was to get angry and yell at me
Do you guys fantasize about your suicide?
When I hear about people who've killed themselves I get jealous
I want to die
If everyone knew how close I am to leaving this life. I wonder if they would be kinder to me
Everyday I wake up and decide to kill myself that evening
Failed attempt, where do I go from here?
Fuck the World.
I wish I can just disappear without a trace...
Too Cowardly To Kill Myself But Too Depressed To Keep Living
I am going to end my life tonight.
finally time?
I am not afraid of committing suicide
I just survived a suicide attempt. And I just felt like I needed to say that to someone. (NSFW)
My secret suicidal thoughts are getting worse. It's getting harder to disobey. And I dont want to tell anyone
one hour after I tried to kill myself I had a panic attack. my mom told me to stop because "I caused enough of a scene today". I dunno, I just never really forgot about that.
I don’t want to be here
Suicide is a solution to a permanent problem
How beautiful it would be to not wake up
I don’t wanna kill myself but I can’t live with myself, I hate myself
The emergency room treats people with mental health issues like shit.
Stop telling people it will get better
Letter to myself:
I think my mom knows that the end is near
ive become so sensitive that even the most miniscule things make me suicidal.
Sure, it gets better, but then it goes right back to being fucking awful.
Dead kid... wtf should I keep going
I just really wish I wouldn't wake up tomorrow morning. Or any morning for that matter
Anyone else stuck with a permanent blank face with the only emotion being sadness and resentment?
I HATE THIS WORLD SO FUCKING MUCH! EVERYONE HELPS ONLY THOSE WHO LEAST NEED IT! THE POOR GROW POORER AND THE RICH GET RICHER! FUCK THIS!
someone in my block might have just committed suicide
No offense but i rather kill myself while i am in my 20s than wasting my entire life working for the success of someone else-barely surviving in this cruel world .
when im suicidal i feed pigeons
I'm tired of living my life in a cycle of being okay and then suddenly being depressed and suicidal.
im so fucking depressed to the point i even forgot why im depressed....does anyone feel the same way?
If only dying were as simple as pressing “shut down” like on a computer
The fear isn’t in dying. My fear is failing to commit suicide and the pain that I’ll feel as I try.
WARNING: If you get a PM from /u/itskokobot, please report it and DO NOT REPLY.
Fucking hell
Suicide hotlines are bullshit
I don’t eat, I don’t shower, I don’t brush my teeth. I have no money, no friends, no family. When I wake up, I just wish I didn’t.
I tried to kill myself 2 days ago
Maybe dying isn't bad, maybe it's only silence and peace and nothing.
I'm about to send an email
i am hopefully dead before morning
This shit is rigged.
It feels like you can't be taken seriously unless you commit suicide.
I really really don’t want to but I don’t know what to do
I got a gun to kill myself and my parents found out about it before I could do it.
Every day my desire for suicide increasessssssssss
So scared to die because I might even fail at that.
Im going to kill myself in few hours .
I want to commit suicide as a means of escaping adulthood.
Casually suicidal?
I was born a hermaphrodite and I want to die because of it.
TW. Failed suicide attempt, currently admitted in the hospital
update: gonna attempt again and succeed this time
I'm jumping off a building in a few hours to end my pain.
I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep I want to die in my sleep
Do you ever just want to talk to someone about your suicidal feelings but then anxiety grabs you by the throat and chokes you until you have a breakdown?
Tired of needing money in order to live a life we never asked to be born into it…
I plan my suicide 1-3 times per day
Why am I suicidal one day and fine the next
Someone else is kind of addicted to be sad?
The love of my life killed himself three weeks ago
Whoever says life is a gift can fucking catch these hands
Can you imagine being genuinely happy?
i’m sick of living. i feel like i’m just, done. my rapist gets away, i get called a liar. it haunts me in my dreams, and it haunts me when i’m awake. i try to bury that memory, but it’s impossible. i need help, but i’m too scared to seek it. i want to die, but i don’t want him to win.
I don’t want to die. I just wish I had never existed in the first place
Bye guys. I had a good run.
Why the fuck do parents continue to treat their children like trash even when they know they're suicidal? One minute they're like 'Oh my god honey I'm so scared for you I'll do anything" and the next they don't give a shit
I’m struggling to find a reason to hold on
How can they say that suicidal people aren't doing something about their problems? We literally want to kill ourselves. That's not easy, you know? Yeah, you wouldn't know. And not because we WANT to die, but because we don't fucking want to be alive
Its amazing how people act so attention-seekingly on social media when people die. Its one of the reasons i wont kill myself.
Every time I hear that someone I know committed suicide, I feel jealous.
Every second is either extreme pain or extreme insomnia and delusions.
Anyone else feel like they just aren’t meant for life?
being an ugly girl makes me want to kill myself so fucking badly.
I go from okay, even elated, to suicidal in a matter of minutes, even seconds.
if anyone reads this thank you
Therapy was the worst thing that happened to me
Truly believe life isn’t meant for everyone.
No matter how bad it gets I have music
Does anyone else have visual thoughts of their suicide?
Hypogonadism (and the doctors who "forgot" to treat me early enough) is the reason I've had such a miserable and humiliating life.
No matter what I do, I just spiral back to wanting to die. No fucking reason. I just want to cease existing. Does this shit make sense?
I was going to do it but called my aunt instead
My mom threw a knife at me.
A follow up
In twenty six days, I am throwing a moving away party. I don't have the heart to tell my friends I am thinking about taking my life shortly afterwards rather than go through with my move.
I cried tonight realizing that suicide was not an option anymore
Wish something would k-ll me cause I’m too cowardly to do it myself
How is suicide a permanent solution to a temporary problem when the problem is life?
My partner tried to kill herself yesterday
I feel more suicidal when i see people with a better life
Some people are just not cut out for life
I just want to love a girl and be loved why is that so impossible?
Does anyone else just wish someone would come up behind them and just shoot them in the head?
ever feel like you weren't meant to be in this world?
I cry almost every night because I did this disgusting thing and I can’t stop thinking about it
Fuck fear
It’s my 25th birthday
id kill myself for a hug
Fuck this pointless world
why do i have to work? why am i forced to work? why can't i just live without working
Does anyone get horrible, horrible heartache that literally is so physically painful?
Went to the ER for suicidal thoughts … huge mistake
I'm NEVER opening up about being actively suicidal again.
16 years old. I went on a walk, and the light was golden on the trees that arched above me. It was like heaven's gates. It was like God telling me to come home.
My sister told me to kill myself (part 2)
I just want to sleep and never wake up again, anyone else feel the same?
“Have you made any plans to kill yourself?”
"Help is just a phone call away" is bullshit
I’m alive.
Dating in Utah fucking sucks
This is not living man. Just pretending to be happy and watchi g the years go by only to end up dead anyway. Mother fuckkkkkkkkkerrrrrrr ahhhhhhhh
Therapist cried throughout my session about my suicide
Don’t you just hate when you wake up and your still alive? I just want to be dead so bad but I’m such a wuss to do so. Honestly what’s a better way to kill myself, getting hit by a train or jumping off a bridge?
"YoU oNlY gEt To lIvE oNcE"
People only care when you show serious signs such as suicidal thoughts, but when you're honest about those feelings they cower.
I want to commit suicide on Xmas Eve just like my sibling
All my affairs are in order. Just wanted to say goodbye to internet strangers.
funny when they say "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"
Born to die?
The only reason I'm still alive is because I'm too scared to kill myself
I wish that no one loved me so I could just die without causing people pain
I'm gonna kill myself tonight. Wish me luck!!!
I wish I was brave enough to end it.
Finally stopped— pet cat was the solution
I hate showering I hate it I hate it I hate it but I have to do it why why why why why I don’t even care about my life but I have to smell nice for my mental health appointment help why why
It's my 26th birthday today. I have severe BPD, I am alone, and my mom used my birthday card as a way to argue how BPD isn't caused by abuse and that she is a perfect angel who has never done anything wrong.
even though i felt like killing myself i went to this art therapy class and made something today
Just wanted to say fuck the suicide hotline
the only thing that excites me is my death
I fucked up and told somebody
sorry I ever existed
My 15 year old brother hung himself and all I want to do is die too...
It doesn’t get better
It's like i died years ago and now im just a walking talking corpse.
I want to die but don't want to kill myself
i wanna die so fucking bad
The Foo Fighters saved my life
I would rather kill myself than grow as a person
Don’t fucking have kids if you’re going to make them feel like shit
Can we just be real for a second
Girlfriend cheated on me and is pregnant
i don’t want attention, i don’t want anyone to notice me. i just want to leave
I really just wish someone gave a fuck about me
This world is messed up.
I’m so tired of not having a social life, I’m tired of being mentally ill, I just want to die
Gay in a muslim country thinking about suicide
Ever feel like you want to just go to sleep and never wake up instead of actually dying?
Two people had sex in the 90s and somehow that's my fucking problem
wtf is the point
Fuck you.
I wish I could fall asleep and never wake up
Attempted suicide 3 hours ago but nobody knows... 19M with no ambition of moving foward
People around me either say they understand or they will listen to me cry about my depression and suicidal thoughts. The truth is, they neither understand, nor do they care about listening to me. They only say it so they could look like the good guy and get virtue points
Does anyone here talk to literally no one. Like no friends. I’m rotting
I hate this fucking world
What the absolute fuck
who decides this fucking shit
I want to die but afraid of dying!!!
Young doctor (29yo) with suicide thoughts
I told my mom I'm suicidal, she forgot.
So this is my final goodbye
Can someone just hug me while I cry?
I told my parents i want to commit suicide
My BF thinks suicidal people are all weak, cowards and he has zero empathy for anyone who either wants to, attempts to, or has committed suicide (spoiler alert: I am sometimes suicidal)
I know I can NEVER be the person I truly want to be and it KILLS me.
If I ever get corona I am gonna make sure that I fucking die.
I'm 12
I have no friends. Nobody ever contacts me first
i mainly stay alive to not make others sad
I hate when people say "it will get better" don't give me hope, cause so far it keeps getting worse
Does anyone else feel like they don't want to kill themselves but they wish to die everyday?
I don't want people to remember me.
never gonna live to be a teenager
Its so expensive to live we might as well just die
I'm killing myself right now
I wish I could trade my body to someone with cancer while I can get their cancerous body. Then we could both get what we want. The person with cancer gets to live, and I get to die.
I'm a waste
Can't even have the smallest fucking things.
I fucking hate my brain
Today is my Birthday...
You ever wish someone would kill you so you wouldn’t have to do it?
currently selling everything in my apartment so I can give my mom a goodbye gift. this world is too much for me I'm going back home soon.
I never asked to be born
I wish I could give my life to someone who wants to live
My Wife Attempted Suicide
It’s 4am. I have my first class of the semester in 5 hours and I can’t sleep
I wish boys were allowed to be feminine without being judged.
I hate when someone tells you to “just get help”
Nothing in life interests me. No goals, no ambition, no motivation. What am I living for?
A person came to my school to talk about mental health and it fucking angered me
I hope i die in my sleep. Everyday.
I'm killing myself in 6 h. I'll jump off a building
I hate being told I have choices in life
Every single night I think about killing myself before sleeping.
My father is tired of me “hurting” my mother. He is offering to find me an apartment so I can live alone and away from her. I will use this opportunity to kill myself.
I’m committing suicide today.
I have been struggling the past three months. My mom died and my boyfriend of 7 years left. Nobody understands the pain, and nobody understands the situation. My mom wouldve. My mom wouldve told me all the right things instead of all the shit im hearing right now. I want to go to my mom.
Being discharged off my section soon and going to jump off a bridge
I'd kill myself today if it wasn't for my family. I'd ruin their lives
Is there really a good reason to be alive?
What the fuck is wrong with me!
Passive Suicidal Thoughts
Who else is waiting until they feel they're allowed to kill themselves?
I think it's time I just give up. I've never really had but one friend. My wife who died at 23. My family abused and abandoned me since I was a child. I'm 38 now. I've been through so much more than this. Things will never be ok for me.
I often talk others out of suicide, but I myself don't wanna live.
I've grown to despise life and people.
This will get lost in a sea of Suicide notes
Hi i went from 100% certain i want to kill myself to not knowing what to do... I guess its an improvement? Thanks ya all that helped i would be dead by now if it wasn't for you all... Im looking forward to seeing what the future will bring... Cheers on ya all!!🥰
Humanity is the worst race to be a part of
it's creepy how we have to be fake as fuck to survice in this world.
What the fuck am I honestly?
Thinking about killing myself makes me feel calm
I've been on the verge of suicide for weeks. Sitting outside the emergency room and trying to decide if I should go in or go home.
I’m losing everything
It's 11:40 and I'm gonna kill myself at midnight.
I want to kill myself. And people know. But they don’t care. I hate myself so much. I just don’t want to live anymore.
I don’t need a rope. My severely autistic son is going to beat me to death.
I don’t want to die, but I no longer want to exist.
I'm suffering constantly I just want it to end
Y'all ever just lay down in bed in the fetal position and cry and just try to will yourself out of existence for a couple hours?
Killing yourself is hard
I just tried to strangle myself with a rope because I have nowhere to hang myself at the moment so I just tied it around my neck and pulled it and I could still breathe so it didn’t work.. I want to kill myself right now but I even fail at that.. what is wrong with me...
College is stupid and it makes me want to die even more
I just told my parents im suicidal
My final suicide note, goodbye
I am ending my life tonight
Society just can't stand you don't want to do anything
I use suicide as motivation and comfort
i did it
People don’t care for real
I've broken away from Christianity
Im depressed because I can't work and can't work because I'm depressed
Why is dying so hard lol
Not to brag or anything but I haven’t considered suicide in like 7 minutes
I don't want to be alive if this is what it means
How do I get out of an abusive household with no money, no friends, no ID, no phone? (22F)
Humans :)
Does anyone else feel like they have to commit suicide to get revenge on the people that hurt me, to tell the world I am not gonna put up with its crap, and to that I have to do it to ask the world to solve the problems I am facing for others?
Hey Santa, all I want for Christmas is to fall asleep and never wake up.
It's getting worse every day
first thought after waking up is "i want to die"
I got raped and nobody believes me
Sleep is my only way of escaping reality
Sleeping and dreaming is the only enjoyment I get daily, anymore
Not even really depressed - Simply realized that the way reality is constructed just doesn’t suit me
People don’t care about men’s mental health.
Just the thought of going back to school makes me sick
"it will get better" being the biggest lie ive been told. I desire suicide.
I could make 1000 posts about how depressed I am and not one response
I used to like sleeping but now even my dreams haunt me so maybe its just best to die instead
16M can I tell my therapist about my suicidal thoughts without him telling my parents?
Anyone else ever feel like suicide gives them hope?
There’s really no point in living if you’re poor
Sleep as an escape
Sometimes I just wanna fake my murder/suicide to see how people would react/to see if they would care
I don't want to be happy
Why the fuck would you continue living if you know *for a fact* that it won't get better, only worse? If you can't bear living anymore, why continue?
It honestly feels like people hate me on first sight
Being alive is fucking painful. I just want to go to sleep and never wake up.
Self-hatred is killing me. Tried to cut myself again.
I would take a terminal illness from someone who actually wants to live.
People don't realize how just little acts of kindness just change so much.
Thinking about this kid
I WANNA SLIT MY FUCKING THROAT
Fuck online school
i just want to finally die
Hanging myself tonight so I avoid my birthday and everything else
Does anyone else feel like they are "meant" to kill themselves?
I choose death
Last reach for help: I told my father that I'm suicidal and have attempted suicide multiple times. His reply: "Why are you telling me this?"
I think porn is destroying my life.
It just costs too much to live
Im surprised with how comfortable the thought of suicide has gotten with me and it scares me.
Anyone ever notice this?
My boyfriend comes from 3 generations of suicide. He took his life in November 2017. I am really fucking depressed. We have a 7 year old daughter. I feel ill every moment of every day.
I'm this fucking close to ending it. [17M] Really Really Really Long. Sorry. Might be graphic. Might get offended. Discretion advised. IDK.
Have you ever gotten jealous over hearing about someone's suicide?
I don’t want to kill myself, but I still want to die.
I’m 10 and have suicidal thoughts can you guys cheer me up?
"It gets better", no it fucking doesn't.
I lived
Fuck the future, friends getting houses, a living wage. I'm so tired of feeling hopeless
So how long until it “gets better”?
I dont wanna live, but I dont wanna hurt my friends
I wish there was a button to transfer life to those who want it
Just got scammed for $749
I always give obvious hints that I'm not doing okay and no one has ever checked up on me.
Im ugly inside and out
If my parents were so poor, why did they have me
Always changing mind over suicide
I have never had affection in my life, respect or trust, and I was abused and gaslit by my whole family for over 20 years. Suddenly, my brain is convinced that suicide is a realistic option?
im extremely tired.
If it were possible, Id happily live on a mountain by myself
I see a lot of teens talk about suicide
This is going to be my last post on this site.
I can’t see a future in where I don’t kill myself
I went to a professional and they told me I shouldn’t do it because it will hurt others wtf
Fuck Christmas and fuck being alive. Hopefully I die in my sleep tonight.
I Can Always Just Die After Graduation
Attempted. Got put on antidepressants. Regret not using a more effective method
“covid is giving everyone a hard time”
I dont want to commit suicide. i just want to die.
what purpose does the world have for an ugly, awkward girl?
25 years is enough life for me
